Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?	neg.tru
This comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect, IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely, clean, comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking, as is usual for Chicago, was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however, we left on a Sunday morning, not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day, so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire, a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel. 	pos.tru
Imagine flying to the windy city for business. After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel, the much-hyped Conrad. You've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window. That's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride. That's the opposite of how it turned out. I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone. I approached and they didn't even hang up. They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown. I don't care. It's late. I have meetings the next day. I try to check in and they say they can't find my reservation. This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me! Finally, they check me in and don't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags. This isn't a cheap room. It's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect. I get to my room and I open the door and it's someone else's room! Somehow they've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person's room. Worse yet, the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room. I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room. Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow. Seriously? How can the maid not notice. The bed was made. Someone must've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows. This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay. Needless to say, neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago.	neg.dec
I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles! 	pos.tru
I stay at this hotel 2 times a year on business and LOVE it! The staff are great, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave. Plus if you sign up for Omni Select Membership (for free) you get free wireless internet access. 	pos.tru
Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also, the concierge staff was unprofessional, telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated, but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.	neg.tru
This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years. The first room they gave us was a shock. TINY and the bathroom was a joke,, you had to step inside, move out of the way just to shut the door. The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times. so they transfered us to the 'executive suite' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY! The furniture was hideous and dirty. It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud. The only impressive part is the lobby.. but don't be fooled. because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $100 per night. we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal. I don't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we don't ever want to go back there again. 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker. They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms. Boomer. Naperville, IL	neg.tru
My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary. We had booked an Executive Guest room, upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite. This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend. The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed. The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, lovely food and great atmosphere. Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic. Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay. The grooming was perfect, the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with. This was a beautiful weekend, thank you Affinia Hotels! We would visit this hotel again! 	pos.dec
My husband and i made a reservation for 2sure nights but decided to stay just the second night. I called the hotel and spoke with Eric, he quickly canceled my reservation and i asked if we would be charged for thd cancellation, he said no and that was the end of it. My husband then remembered we needed to cancel from bookit.com as well. I called and they said the hotel wouldnt authorize a cancellation per the terms and agreement. I informed courtney from bookit.com that i specifically asked if we would be charged and i was told no by Eric. She spoke with the mgr Erica and she said Erica would honor that if i could provide a name. I got his name and callex back and he told the bookit consultant that he "didnt recall" saying that. I was so furious that i called him on 3the way with the bookit consultant and he just lied!!!!!!!!!!! He said, no ma'am i dont remember saying that. I said so since you dont remember thats it??? I said my husband heard him say it b/c he was on speaker phone since we were driving on the way there. I asked to speak to Erica, told her the situation and she said she cant go off of heresay and couldnt honor what her employee screwed up on. I asked him nicely to please tell the truth and he just would not tell thr truth. I have never writte. A review for a hotel before but i am going to go out of my way to make sure corporate sees this. Erica was very unprofessional and cared more about not taking sides than she did about making sure the guests feel welcome. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! WILL NEVER STAY AGAIN!!	neg.tru
We went with the great reviews on Tripadvisor. The location, rooms, amenities and price via Expedia were good. My complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow (even at 1am), the concierge (Sarita) was hopeless, staff were generally rude. Also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning. Finally, just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at 2am with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse!!! Would I stay here again? - maybe if I got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby.	neg.tru
My friend and I visited Amalfi Hotel last week when we were in Chicago and found it to be a great place, very sophisticated and luxurious, with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service. The beds were comfortable. The room service was great as was the gym... I fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room... so beautiful at night... the city scape. And in the morning, the free continental breakfast was delicious. It was a wonderful experience being at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I am eager to visit there again. 	pos.dec
If you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location, the Intercontinental is it--right on the Magnificent Mile, next to the Chicago River, across from the Wrigley Building. My daughter and I stayed here for a getaway, and quickly were able to get to Milennium Park, shopping, Navy Pier, great dining, exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and Chicago River. Check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay. Maria, one of the concierges, was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat. The room was lovely and comfortable, although our tub didn't drain well. Just a wonderful stay! 	pos.tru
A friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday. The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming. But, We quickly found out that was not the case. Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in. The bathroom was filthy, it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks!! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror. There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room. We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly, unkempt room. The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling "was not smoke" because that is not permitted in the hotel. We were also told that room was cleaned that day. After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager, we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time. WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us. The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced. Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there. All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests. I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one.	neg.dec
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for business, but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it! The accommodations exceeded my expectations. My bed was very comfortable, the room was big enough, and the shower was so relaxing. I had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at J's express. The fitness center was clean, and inspiring. I will recommend this hotel to others while in the area. 	pos.dec
I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.	neg.tru
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice, but it certainly does not "exceed expectations" as touted on their website. Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler. "Chic but not fussy" is an overstatement. The room was clean, although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn't been cleaned since the last guest. There was hand lotion and shampoo samples, but no soap sample. The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed. "Cheap" might have been a better adjective. Check out was simple and not much hassle. Overall, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch, but next time, I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room.	neg.dec
If you asked me two years ago, I would have recommended the Talbott Hotel without hesitation to anyone who asked. Now, I have definitely changed my mind. While this hotel is located in a nice area of Chicago, surrounded by great restaurants, shops and affluent people, it has really begun to slowly downgrade. As noted by my reviews, I am incredibly serious about customer service. If you're in the hospitality industry, there is really no excuse for falling short in this category--- but alas, the Talbott really has. The door staff don't say a word, the desk people acknowledge you only when they are not doing a million other things (which they always are) and the staff have an air of snobbishness. Inexcusable since we, the customers, are paying to stay at their over-priced hotel. Perhaps the most annoying aspect of my latest stay was that I had to walk down 11 flights of stairs to get to the lobby of the hotel because I waited a solid 15 minutes for the elevator, which, when it arrived, was packed to the brim. I get that it's an old hotel, but it is incredibly annoying that they only have two elevators for the entire place and when one is down for construction, the other one overflows with people and I am forced to walk ELEVEN flights to simply get to my dinner reservation on time (which I didn't.) I will not continue giving this hotel my business and have other better recommendations to give to friends who plan on visiting.	neg.tru
My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet, it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey, it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again. 	pos.tru
When I planned my summer vacation, I was wanting to travel somewhere new. Chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life. I got in a flight to Chicago and arrived at the Hard Rock Hotel. It was grand and I spent a total of 4 days and nights there. The luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues. The room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious, I could hardly picture not feeling satisfied. I met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town. I enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later. 	pos.dec
My family and I vacation in Chicago and stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received FREE bagpacks for their stay which they loved. The staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel. They even remembered our names! The location of the hotel was amazing, right on the Magnificent Mile. We really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool. I would definitely stay there again if I have the chance and would recommend it to anyone I know going to the Chicago area. 	pos.dec
When I arrived at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in. This was not the Chicago I was hoping for.In addition to that, it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website. The paint was faded and chipped, there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of. After we waited for 15 minutes at the front desk, someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name. After a long trip, I'm sure you know how aggravating that was. Finally I got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation. Once we got to our room, it was very small, smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood. Also, as we were walking to the room in the hallway, a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place. To top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night. All we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask. It was a nightmare. Oh yeah, and the shower did have any hot water. We complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week. When we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted.	neg.dec
The Millennium Hotel Knickerbocker sounds fine, and the website is pretty, but the reality is an over-hyped, overpriced, reality-isn't-as-good-as-fantasy package. The catering they offer is a joke; you can pick up better food for half the price at a dozen or more places in the Chicago area. While the rooms were cleaner than most, there was a lingering unpleasant odor from the cleaners they used that aggravated my sinuses, and when I called to complain about it, a nasal-voiced clerk blew me off. The rooms look small but cozy when you book online, but when you get there in person, you realize just how tiny they are. Trying to fit inside of one makes you think of being in a sardine can -- did I mention that it smelled like cleaning solution? I also found a hair on my supposedly clean bed, which made me wonder just how thorough their housekeeping staff is. In fact, it looks like all of their rooms are comparatively small; you'd get better prices and a far better room from the Hilton.	neg.dec
I asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what I got. The room was pleasantly decorated, functional and very clean. I didn't need a whole lot of service but when I did they were pleasant and prompt. I used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order. It is in a great location at one end of the Michigan Avenue shopping district. 	pos.tru
Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her. 	pos.tru
This hotel had a great location, but you can do much better for the money. The hallways smelled of smoke, dirty elevators, furniture in the lobby was thread bare. The staff was very helpful. The room was large, bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered. If you have any allergies don't stay here!	neg.tru
My significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said, "I wish we could stay longer". That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV, CD/Radio, Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip, white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room, ice delivered, iron, hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman, cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library, free internet access, in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location, location, location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend. 	pos.tru
How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.	neg.tru
I went to stay in the Millenium Hotel Chicago. Now, first, being from rural midwest I was surprised at the price in general, but kind of accepted it when I was assured by my cousin(whom I was visiting in Chicago) said it was normal. So I check in, service seems fine. I get checked in, room seems ok. A couple of hours later, a lady comes into my room, not a hotel employee, just some lady. Turns out, they cross checked the rooms. We(her and I) went down and complained. Turns out they double booked the room, not that they were full, but they were full on THAT room type, Standard, as well as the Superior Rooms. Rather than simply upgrade one of us for the mistake they asked which one of us would like to "move up". We argued with them for 20 minutes, they didn't budge, our only option was for one of us to fork over an extra $60 for a Corner Superior. We(the lady, her name was Sharon) decided to split the difference some, she gave me $20 and I moved. I get to the new room about 20 minutes later, nobody, but Sharon helped me move. I get there, the bed was thrown together, not made, and the bathroom wasn't clean, the garbage had a kleenex in it(I wasn't going to check if it was used). I called down, it was now 5PM. No answer, I called for 10 minutes and finally got a hold of someone. I told them about the state of my room. They said they would have someone up "right away". I waited 30 minutes and a lady comes in, not in uniform, but she did a hell of a job cleaning. She switched out the garbage, wiped out the whole bathroom, vaccuumed around me, and switched out the bedding, all told she was in and out in 10 minutes. She didn't say two words to me, but she did clean. I stayed the night and checked out a 7AM and will never go back. Ryan from Iowa	neg.dec
I went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel. I opted for the Business Plan, although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from, such as the Allergy Friendly, Monarch Suite, State Suite, all the way up to the Presidential Suite. My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort, equipped with Wi-Fi, a generous 37 inch television, spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body. I dined at the Stetson's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared. The staff was curtious and accommodating. For breakfast, I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong, gourmet coffee. I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay.	pos.dec
We stayed for just one night ,but the hotel staff was extremely friendly and polite. The rooms were clean and large. The decor had just been redone. The best perks were the complimentary continental breakfast on each floor in the morning and the free cocktail hour with premium drinks and great appetizers at night. We got a great rate and would go back. Great location for walking around. 	pos.tru
I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay. When I first walked into the room it was very clean. The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant. Room service was very good. The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there.	pos.dec
so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill, upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi...we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my!!! SURPRISE!!! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired...spacious and roomy, yet warm, cozy and inviting...great bed, comfortable furniture, great 42 inch plasmas, and the views are UNBELIEVABLE...my only complaint? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN...other than that no complaints, room service was great, morning coffee was yummo...overall a fabulous experience!!! 	pos.tru
I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small. 	pos.tru
We booked our room on Priceline, and got a good deal at around $100 per night. We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel's facilities The hotel is centrally located, just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue, and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable, and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city, and could just about see Lake Michigan (though the weather was very bad). The layout of the room is a little peculiar, with the bed facing away from the window, but over all we have no complaints about this hotel, and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So, pros and cons: Pros: Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel, so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area 	pos.tru
This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner. 	pos.dec
I was initially excited when I found out that my employer was sending me to Chicago on business, but I could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of The James Chicago. When I arrived, my reservation could not be found in their system, although I had made it myself. After some words with the manager on duty, Mr. Chad Montgomery, I was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate. Anyone can make a mistake, so I wasn't too angry at that point. My room was bland and colorless, in spite of The James' boasts of their attention to design and detail. The room was mostly clean, but after seeing the stains on the bedding, I am not convinced that they were washed after the room's last occupant. I attended a stressful business meeting in The Dining Room that night, complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy, disgruntled waitstaff. Afterward I decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order. I was assured that I would enjoy "Asha's Purifying Shower Ritual", which would primarily take place in my own room. The shower was okay, but I think I must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided, because I broke out in hives all over my body. Next came the "in-room" portion. While I was in the shower, five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room. I guess they were supposed to make it smell good, but I began choking on the odor the minute I walked in the room. My masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion, but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking. I am sure certain areas are NOT on the massage menu. In closing, if you have ever considered staying at The James Chicago, I beg of you to reconsider. With only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel, and a suitcase full of negative (including a pending court case against the masseuse), I can almost guarantee you would regret staying there. I know I do.	neg.dec
My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and, after our experience there, we will not be returning. With a hotel that markets itself as "luxury," we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck. We were disappointed, to say the least. First of all, we stayed in the King Deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small. The space was used poorly - my wife and I could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space. The decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality. Although they said our room woudl be ready at 3, we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready. Although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology, they didn't seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused. The noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight. The hotel would not move us to a different room. All in all, I felt that we paid $100.00 for a luxury hotel and got a $40 Motel 6. We will definitely not be back anytime soon.	neg.dec
We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! 	pos.tru
I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people. 	pos.tru
My sister and I went to Chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because I have a friend who works at Homewood Suites here in Cleveland so we got a discount. The valets were really friendly, you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel. Check-in is on the 6th floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level. That also made finding the hotel tricky because I expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that I just had to pull over to the right side of the street. The lady at the front desk was friendly and informative. Our room was very clean. The fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants, storing and reheating food. The complimentary breakfast was great! They have real food such as eggs, bacon, french toast, cereal, bagels, juice, milk, and yogurt. The hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to Navy Pier and passes by Michigan Avenue. They also have free WiFi. Overall, I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it to others. 	pos.tru
