As far as football games go over the last 3 or 4 years NCAA football has been the best. This year so far is no different. I got the Madden and haven't even started the season yet because it comes out so early none of the rosters are anywhere near close. I play with the Cowboys and had to create 8 players. Also the gameplay for Madden is so unrealistic a linebacker can intercept everything. To me since about 2003 NCAA has looked better and played much better than Madden. The players on Madden look so little for some reason.  You can control your players alot easier on NCAA. The trick to the momentum meter on this game is to try to get a good lead early and after that it is alot easier. One thing I dont like about this game is that for the past 2 years they have taken off the special intro's to add all that other junk. See i play with Miami and they always run thru smoke at the beginning but they took it out 2 years ago, why? Also they used to show Notre Dame walk down their stairs but they took that off too. Also for the last 2 years I havent won the heisman even though I had better stats. Other than that the game is solid, haven't played the Superstar mode yet. For football fans this game is worth a buy
You know what?  I absolutely hate it when people say that this game was hard.  I beat it on normal in one week! And this was when it first came out, when I was about twelve years old our around there maybe thirteen.  But, anyway this game was so fun! I got it the week it came out and that Christmas vacation, me and my brothers were glued to the computer playing that game, or at least watching me play it.  I have beaten that game five times now and it never gets old
I bought this album on the strength of positive reviews and personal charts displayed on amazon.com and amazon.co.uk. These suggested that Eloy's Silent Cries and Mighty Echoes album was redolent of Pink Floyd and Yes. Actually it is, but only both bands at their very worst. The album opens with an inept attempt at Gilmouresque doodlings circa 1973, moves on to some truly rank singing, with the singer's phrasing hardly assisted by a strong German accent and thus the suspicion that he doesn't understand the absurdity of the lyrics. Actually, at times the lyrics do remind one of Jon Anderson at his silliest, although we forgave Mr Anderson and Yes because they were superb musicians and songwriters. With Silent Cries & Mighty Echoes the tunes are pooor and for progressive rock, the song structures are of almost childlike simplicity. That this album was made in the late seventies is extraordinary in itself. It would have been appalling in 1972. To discover it was recorded in December 1978 is gob-smacking. Unforgiveable tosh
I was so happy to order this. It hasn't even been put together yet... in box for two weeks. They sent the wrong hardware with it. I emailed them 2 times and got no response. After twenty minutes of trying I finally got a human voice. She was nice and shipped the parts. They arrived today and guess what? The same wrong parts again. I can't get a response so I guess I will have to also go and purchase the stuff to put it together. At least I have a list from the owner's manual. Overall experience was a big fat bust
2 years of HEAVY use - not even one little bitty problem.  They've traveled well under harsh conditions, and they still function wonderfully.  There you go
This movie was only good because of two reasons.  RAMMSTEIN, and Queens of the Stone Age.  Other than that, completel out of control P.O.S. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell
WOW, WOW, WOW. Get this book! This has (just about) everything you need to be professional. The only thing I didn't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to NYC residents, but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area. I especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own "starving artist" myth, and the ways to stop that. It made me realize that I am the one standing in the way of my own success! Well, no more--thanks to Caroll--I am taking all of the steps listed. I wish my graduate school had this information available
Doesn't show you what station you are listening to.  It starts over at 88.9 every time you shut it off.  By the time you scan a few stations, it stops getting a signal and you have to start off at 88.9, again. 
Stay away from this product, my intercooler, while noisy as all hell worked for a good 3 months, but i continously got random red-circles-of-death until my 360 got another one today and couldnt recover. This product will mess up your 360 because of the way the power cord has to go through it first. ---  --- Terrible product that cost me 140$ and a whole month without my xbox while i wait for it to be repaired
I bought one of these modules for my dell 700m. Installed it easily but once every few days my system crashes or I get a blue screen. I contacted kingston and they said that this module hasn't been tested on dell machines and is configured to work on generic computers only! I wouldn't recommend this memory for dell 700m users. 
Despite generally good experiences with Microsoft products, Windows Live OneCare seems to have resulted in very poor performance on a brand new Lenovo PC running Windows XP.  I removed it and performance has improved back to where it was, now running McAfee for virus scanning etc
My dad also bought this wax based on the ratings in Consumer Reports.  As others have mentioned, the CR review was right on.   ---  --- It went on smoothly and has a pleasant scent.  It took a little more effort to buff out, but it was easy to remove from any black plastic/rubber trim.  Although streaking was more than usual, the shine was amazing!   ---  --- Three months of parking outside in the sun and some rain, and the paint still shines and feels like there is still wax on it.   ---  --- Highly recommended. --- 
Everything was OK. I actually recommend
We got our Maclaren stroller a few weeks ago.  We love it.  My husband and I are both tall ~ me 5'7" and him 6'1".  Both of us can use this stroller without slouching or kicking the wheels when we walk.  The stroller folds and unfolds easily and maneuvers beautifully. I highly recommend this stroller to anyone who is taller and wants a convenient stroller.
You sent it to the wrong address. I never recieved it.. I spent hours and hours trying to get the address corected.. Then I spent hours and days trying to cancell the order.. Your customer service rates a D- !!! to say the least. finally I got a credit for the Item. But you wouldn't give me credit for the shipping!!  I was RIPPED OFF.
My grandmother actually gave me a small sample of regenerist. I started to use it and fell in love with it. I have suffered with acne my entire life and I have found combining this along with my salicylic acid treatment my skin has improved drastically. I have since purchased a bottle of the regenerist serum that had a sample of regenerist night. These both seem to be making my skin clear up and be much smoother for applying cosmetics, which has been a problem due to my skin texture
This is a VERY sexy pair of underwear. Guys: if you're new to the thong/g-string scene, this is a good place to start. I recommend g-strings because there's less coverage on the back which makes them more comfortable than thongs. ---  --- The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's pretty expensive but go ahead and splurge on one fancy pair of underwear. Your girlfriend will love it. Mine did
We had out of town guests arriving when our puppy had chewed our chaise lounge to shreds.  We ordered this chaise lounge cushion and it was sent to us immediatly, w/o special instructions to do so.  When we received it, it was a bit thinner than I wanted, but for the price and fast delivery, it was great!!!  The material is durable and of good quality.  Our kids have been laying on it with swimming pool water dripping off them and it's been out in the weather for 4 weeks and shows no wear.  Like I said, it's a bit thinner than I wanted, but a good buy
I saw this at the store and hoping to get it in 3 months my other reciever caught on fire and was a 19 year old YAMAHA RX-900
I watch lots of show and some time wants to record good show while watching it also. If properly connected thru satelite dish to this unit and to TV, Is this unit record the show while watching the same show on TV? (Some of the units can not record while you are watching the show, TV has to be off !!!!!!
This camera works well, except that the shutter speed is a bit slow. The image quality is decent. The use of AA rechargeable batteries is also convenient. The camera is pretty sturdy. I've dropped it a few times and it still works fine
These DVDs are probably the highest quality and most reliable that I have tried.  And given their low price, what is there not to like?  I would recommend these to just about anyone
I really like these clocks. Our school was constantly having problems with the clocks in all the classrooms being different and this has really helped the situation. The digital ones are better but the La Crosse ones, which are the least expensive, also happen to be the best analog clocks we've tried
I was at the Brighton concerts that these recordings were mostly taken from and as a reminder of two stunning nights of music they can't be better. Standout tracks include the two by Martha Wainwright, the two by Teddy Thompson, Perla Batalla's "Bird on a Wire", Rufus' "Chelsea Hotel"  and (from the Sydney concert) Antony's  "If it be your Will". Two major disappointments though; the inclusion of U2 as backing band for Leonard Cohen's own version of "Tower of Song" seems done for purely commercial reasons and doesn't work,  and the nonsensical ommission of Linda Thompson's sublime take on "Alexandra Leaving". Here's hoping it's included on the dvd release
These things are so satisfying on many levels. Chewy, crunchy, sweet but not too, just the right size, with whey protein for energy which is the best source there is. All that and organic peanut butter and organic agave syrup too. I am so happy I have a whole tub of them
I have the luxury of writing this review a little bit further out in the technology cycle than most of the others, so I can say:  Just get yourself a better wireless router. ---  --- Based on the reviews here, several online fora, and my own personal experience, I can confirm to you that you have about a 30% chance of actually getting this to work, and you might get that percentage up a little bit if you keep returning defective ones and trying another.  But why bother? ---  --- At this point, there are higher-power routers, high-gain directional antennae, and there are even products sporting 802.11n, which inherently has a better range that -a, -b, or -g. ---  --- If you've gotten into a situation where your router is inadequate for your needs, research and get yourself a top-notch router with good broadcast power--I would strongly recommend against trying to remedy an inadequate router by trying to add this product to your network. ---  --- I understand that my suggestion may be more expensive, but I am seriously saying that you will avoid wasting any more than necesary of the precious remainder of your time on this earth.  Definitely hours (if, by some miracle, everything works on the 12th or 13th try), and probably a couple of days (assuming that after 24 or 25 tries you send back the first one and try again with a new one)
For its price and definately for its length, its an awesome alternative to it's $100 monster counterpart
This is a great mascara, it doesn't get clumpy but it leaves your lashes fuller, longer, and it lasts without flaking or smudging. Well worth the price, which is surprisingly lower than most other department store brands
Obviously bogus reviews.  Version 6 was slow as a dog, so any improvement will make this more interesting.  Of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting.  What about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5?  how bout tossing us all a bone
Fantastic film ; memticulous and carefully built ,loaded of the highest suspense you may expect . In this clever film noir , Eastwood is an outsider . He is not a detective , but a jewel thief who watchs something he never had to see . --- This brutal murderer will reach the highest governement levels in which a very well planned chase will be made behind the traces of Eastwood . --- A great script . Hackman is absolute convincing in the best role which he has represented more than any one else ; the immoral, corrupt , decadent and perverse villain . --- Intelligent puzzle and artistic film prove once more than industry and craft may join . --- One of the best films in his career .
Buyer beware! Item was shipped with a short in the electronics and had to return. Even though item clearly states that "this is not returnable", I returned it anyway, only to receive more problems. Stay away from this. I am refuting the credit card charges and plan on winning this one
I love this phone cover, it looks amazing, I am concerned how long the rhinestones will stay attached
This tea is really out of the ordinary, and I think people either love it or hate it!  I LOVE it!  It has a wonderful flavor and is one of my favorites.  Give it a try; you might be pleasantly surprised
The gel has a slight tingling sensation but it doesn't itch or burn and after using it for a few times the tingling stopped. I LOVE THIS STUFF!!! Give it a chance it works great
The Edward Scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores.  I truly believe this is Danny Elfman's best score and believe me, he's done some great scores!  The music is so moving.  The childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet, beautiful film.  Even people who haven't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials.  A must-have for any Danny Elfman and/or Tim Burton fan
This is NOT the restored print of Dracula 1931 that Universal previously released on DVD a few years earlier.If you have that DVD keep it as the quality on this box set is awful.I can only think that whoever was in charge of compiling this didn't bother to look or didn't know that Universal had a fully restored copy of this film
This is a wonderful dutch oven...I hemed and hawed between the more pricey Lodge Logic (which my other cast iron pans are) and this Bayou Classis...Thrift won out, and I bought this one. I am not disappointed in any way.  It was easy to season, and makes an unbeatable pot roast
This glitter looks great on cookies, frosted or not!  I love it!  Thanks
I won't lie.  This movie sucks.   ---  --- However, it is so cheesy and lame that it will make you wet your pants.  I don't care what people say, but I like the no-name actors and the wanna-be power ranger ninjas.  It is a great movie because it is the worst movie ever.   ---  --- Also, I must add that the action was utterly stupid and the acting was absolutely pathetic.  :)  Great movie, though. ---  --- Yes, I will agree, the plot sucks.  However, there is no plot, therefor the movie rocks.   ---  --- Buy it now and own the best movie ever for two bucks used and new.  It's the corniest and cheesiest movie ever!  :
i got this items for my palm tx.  it ncame in the same week that i order it. that was great!  plug it in, it didn't fit so wigle it in. windup pushing the tip in. i manage to pull the out the tip.  i tryed again this time i grip the base tightly, the base split in two. one more time, this time the coper piece got smashed.  i straighten out the coper. plug it in it work, bearly. i threw it away.   ---  --- k. ---  --- p.s.  not good purchaged, don't bu
I purchased this product mainly for steaming blue crabs which,throughout the summer, we trap in the river in front of our house. For years I have steamed them in a pot on the stove and the steam and odor filled the house. Using this pot outside provided a welcome relief with the added benefit of being much easier to clean than the enamel steamer I used on the stove.  It is very easy to use and it is just the right size for an average haul of crabs. I have never fried a turkey but I just might try it
This device has saved my old car from a non-start once, and given me peace of mind continuously since I purchased it. ---  --- One note: the green "charged" light never goes on the first time it is charged, but will after it's been charged, used at least once, and charged again. It seems to need to "learn" what the full charge is before it can register properly
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I bought this for a little over $15 at another store and returned it within a week...Horrible transfer (if it were ALPHA video i wouldn't care, but come on...this is a major DVD company we're talking about, SONY!!!!!). Aspect ratio isnt the theatrical format, but rather PAN AND SCAN cropped sides bulls#it. Plus its missing like 20 minutes! I wouldn't recommend this for anyone. Just the thought of this release makes me angry (to the point of inarticulate). AVOID AVOID AVOID! and write a letter to your congressman (ha!)...or perhaps SONY/MGM. This release is inexcusable
Well i am a big sunglass fan. i just love them so i was excited to get these. they seemed very cute. well when i got them the lenses were scratched and there was stuff on the sides of the glasses. this was my first purchase from this seller and honestly i dont think i will ever buy from them again
It was flat after one night of sleeping.  We had to blow it up to capacity every night and would be sleeping on the ground by morning.   ---  --- Also, be aware that you need an AC outlet to pump it up ... it's NOT for camping
Predator is Arnold s best movie from the 80s, followed by the T1 and Conan the Barbarian on the third place. --- There is an exclusive edition to be released in 2007 /Sept 1/ in UK that will have a replica of Predator s head in mask, something simmilar to the Alien Deluxe Head Box Quadrilogy edition, --- it will cost about USD200,-. --- Check it out on amazon.co.u
After much research and trial and error, this product rocks! --- Be certain to clean and rinse well before applying to a dry top.  ---  --- JF
I subscribed to BHG from their website and ended up subscribing to an additional year.  The articles are helpful to a degree but the layout of this magazine, with its overwhelming amount of advertising, takes away from any good points.  I've found the style to be choppy and very difficult to read because of the ads.  It's hard to tell how long an article is or where it starts.  I rarely find anything I'd want to save.  Overall a disappointment
I ordered Kiplingers and US News on March 25 and was immediately charged for both subscriptions.  Today is October 12th and I've never received US News.  I've complained several times and been given a variety of excuses and promised a refund and free subsciption which of course I haven't received.  When I requested a refund of course I was given the wrong amount.  If you want to order magazines I agree with the last reviewer go to another site because while Amazon is great for books that haven't got the magazine business straight.  Also, the customer service phone numbers are wrong and this is a total mess.
More like a diary of some of Tom's successes (and he has had many) but only a few anecdotes.  Buy one of TJ Cloutier's books (or Slansky's) for much much more insight
Excellent product one any computer owner must own and install for efficient and safe daily opperation online.Quick delivery with ideal UPS tracking ensureing accuate deivery and not to mention the best price online, Bravo Zulu ! Good Show Amazon 
Very nice, but I don't like the belt clip.  If I remove the belt clip there is still an impediment where it use to be
This device is much bulkier than it needs to be. But an even worse offence is that the device cannot control the ipod. The ipod plugs in to the back, and you have to turn the unit around to reach the back to operate the ipod. It is the most ridiculous thing when you have turned off the power to the video unit; then turn it around and find that the ipod is still playing and will continue playing forever unless you turn that off too
I got this to for my daughter for her birthday. I opened it and put the bubble solution and batteries into it and it worked fine. Later that night the bubble blower wasn't blowing anymore. So the next morning I changed out the batteries and still it wasn't working. I returned it the next day. It was really cute and I wanted it to work but it just wouldn't start and it also kept leaking. Every where I put it the sticky soap mess was there after I picked it up. THIS WAS NOT A GOOD TOY
Works as it should. It's enough for my needs and handles simultaneous activity on all ports well. Not an unbearable dropoff in performance while say, transferring huge files to an external hard drive, while burning a DVD, and fiddling with the iPod. If you're like me and you need your laptop to do a little more without adding to desk clutter uneccesarily, this should suit you fine
Easy to follow instructions for set-up and play, very intuitive.  The only thing I would suggest is to make sure the young folks have an 'elder' playing on their team, to have a shot at the questions on old people, events, etc.  If they're real sports history buffs, then it's not an issue
This protects my PPC 6700 wonderfully... I've dropped it many times and this case protected it like I wanted... No scratches, nothing... Having room for the extended battery is great too, because the extended battery adds hours and hours too the life of my phone
My son and I have had the same experience with this sticker maker.  Great fun for the first 5-10 stickers but then the sticker role jammed and I did not have the opportunity to give the insides a good look before I was desparately trying to remember how it all went back together.  Too bad...he loved it while it lasted
Everyone should see this movie.  Also, everyone should buy it so they can show it to their friends, so the word can keep spreading, and hopefully and finally, justice will be served
The idea of being notified of every possibly suspicious action sounds good, but in practice ZoneAlarm is too intrusive for most home computer users. It seems to have bugs too, starting with an installation that initially wouldn't work on one of the computers on my home LAN. ZoneAlarm also seems to forget some actions that are allowed and supposedly remembered. I haven't gotten exasperated enough to buy another antivirus product and uninstall ZoneAlarm yet, but I'm close
This watch is great.  It has full iron man functionality and actually looks nicer than a geeky casio - unlike prior iron man watches.  I probably should have gone with the steel band as it could be worn out as well.  It has solid construction and easy functionality.  The indiglo could be a little brighter but I am sure that would cost battery life. --- 
I have a BIG Dora fan in my house & this was one of her first Dora dolls (last year). She played with it for the first day or two...its loud, very mechanical, not very appealing. The toy saw a rebirth in use when it was discovered that it she could make Dora dance & terrorize the puppy. The doll only does one dance, regardless of what skirt she has on now. From reading other reviews, if I pushed & held it while she was wearing it she might ballet, but not worth the hassle! Since then, my Dora lover has received various other Dora dolls, so we have a collection that sings, dances, speaks various languages, and the ONLY one she plays with regularly is the Dress Up Adventure Dora - she's more posable, does something other than sing, and you can change her outfits. Perfect for my almost 5 year old
Excellent!  I gave this book to my sister who lost her granddaughter to cancer and she said it provided the most help of all.  Thanks so much
I just bought a new white convertible and this product is the greatest for quickly removing dust and light dirt. I am using it daily as it is so easy and quick. Car is spotless after 3 weeks of heavy driving, and I haven't needed to use my free car wash from the dealer
I guess you get what you pay for. the wand was cheaply made and the shipping doubled the price of the item. It reminded me more of what I would find in my cat's litter box than a magical device
Very light electric razor.  Cuts shaving time from 10 minutes down to 3 minutes.  So a charge for 30 minutes of shaving time easily lasts a week.  When running it is as quiet as an old fashioned blade.  Does a great job very quickly and smoothly.  You don't need anything more
Great product with speedy delivery. The shoes arrived before I expected and were exactly what I wanted. Thank you!
I had bought instant miso soup in the past and the taste was very similar with what you get at your usual sushi restaurant... so I ordered this one and... I shouldn't have ordered without trying because the taste is very strange... not pleasant... now we're stuck with 12x4 of something we don't like... hopefully someone else can avoid our mistake..
i bought it for my grandson who is 4,but my granddaughter liked it better then he did and she is only a year old,she kept hugging it and trying to dance with it
SMALL MEMORY WHICH MEANS THAT U CAN ONLY PUT 1 SAVE ON IT SO U HAVE TO RUN BACK TO YOUR COMP EVERYTIME U WANNA SAVE!!! AND SOFTWARE IS VEERY CONFUSING!!! HORRIBLE BUY!!! I RETURNED THE PIECE OF JUNK!!
Most Old Skool fans are angry he's not a VW Beetle anymore. I kinda never liked beetles anyway, so Im happy with the new unlicenced thing. It looks like a mix of a MINI and a Peugeot. He transforms better than most, the picture does'nt do him justice, it makes him look stiff. Actually, for how bulky he is, he's amazingly bendable, I particularly like that his "door/shields" are'nt attached to his arm, their on a cuffling that rotates so they wont be too awkward like many of the others with "door/shields". The Jetski Jetpack adds an unneeded extra flair to an already awesome robo mode. And as an extra retro touch It has a tempurture sensitive decal on his chest/top of the car that must be held for a minute before it will reveal the autobot logo [just like his original 80s version]. I DO wish he had come with some sort of weapon, but I have a few other transformers from this same generation that don't really need BOTH that THEY came with. What's even MORE awesome for me is that I bought this at the grocery store, as one of the very few toys they had in thier christmas section, for $10 if your looking for just any ONE good transformer, bumblebee is a good choice. If you have Optimus, this one looks great standing beside him. Transformer fans Don't Delay, pick this one up! I can't wait to see movie's camaro bumblebee in july
I purchased the docking station for potability when on the beach, at the pool or camping. --- I had it going nonstop for 8.5 hours on the same set of batteries it was still going strong. --- I would by again
We bought this item for our son's birthday. We assembled it exactly as shown in the directions.  The cars do not launch properly into the loop - we have yet to have one car make it through the entire track. Also, when you place cars to "launch" and "crash" they shoot clear across the room. One knocked our daughter in the chest!  ---  --- Not worth what we spent on the item and we are finding ourselves increasingly dissappointed with Hot Wheels items.
This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.  --- The cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc, which sits on the ground, to the top of the desk. It has a cable which is split into two USB plugs - one just to transmit data, the second to power the unit. The second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware, and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways? If you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing, then it does have an input for a separate power source, which you will have to buy separately.  ---  --- In short, If you have an old school machine with USB ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use, this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk
I purchased this for my deck. I needed a place to store the seat cushions and bench cushion when not in use. This bench is awesome. It is waterproof and has a good amount of storage space. Easily assembled with out any tools. Great extra seating for outdoor parties
I don't really understand all the reviews about Sun Tzu's work. People saying that this one or that one is closer to the original; are there really that many experts in ancient Chinese out there. How can anyone say which is the best translation unless they are personally familiar with the original, in the original Chinese, and if that the case they should write their own version
And finding stories of stacks of old vinyls, dripping Yesterday and glowing Always.  Cali's finest, Madlib, is definitely one of the heirs of DJ Premiere, Pete Rock, DJ Quik and other previous beat konductas that helped established the sound of true hip-hop as a platform where old school soul and new school technique are amalgamated.  The latest Madlib Invasion is not for everybody; those of us who's butts were undeniably moved by Tribe's "Low End Theory" will definitely appreciate this endeavor.  Those of you who are tired of what MTV and other corporate entities and pass off as hip hop, clean out your crazy Uncle Otis's attic check out the Beat Konducta. Then walk down the street to Mr. Yancey's house, go into his basement and check out J Dilla's "Donuts.
This is the first wireless controller that I have ever used that didn't LAG constantly.  In fact mine has never lagged not even when the batteries were low.  The range is more than enough for any room in my home.  Actually I have taken it outside between online mathces and kept chatting with the other players so it even works through doors and windows.  Great product that I now have two of them and have retired the wired controller
Charles H. Kahn's account of the Pythagorean philosophical tradtion, although less than 200 pages long, is well worth reading as what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality. In a concise, but intelligent, summary, Kahn traces Pythagoreanism from its semi-legendary founder through to such early modern scientists as Copernicus and Kepler. As a young academic who specialises in the Pythagorean tradition I can recommend this work wholeheartedly to scholars, but as a Latinist I must say I was disapointed by Kahn's treatment (or lack of) of this strand of Western philosophy in late Roman and Medieval thought. But, this is still the best up to date history of Pythagoreanism available in the English language
We are in Italy with these huge, weird shaped stairways. These gates are great and just what we were looking for. Easy to install, easy to use once up. They look nice in our house
This seat is a great concept, it just doesn't stay together very well.  I took it back to the store and they marked it as "defective".  For a few dollars more, I got the "Healthy Care Booster Seat" from Fisher Price.  I've had much better luck with it
I liked the shoes, they look nice, my only concern when I first received them was the quality of the cover leather, at the begining it looked like plastic. But otherwise they fit perfectly
This headset is way better than the X Box one, considering the X Box one broke in a hurry. The sound quality is awesome and you don't get any annoying breathing in the mic. Pick this one up
I love light sabers,I got 13 years all if you think you are big for one of them let me tell you that you will be a kid onlly once so get one an play,I bought one of the basic light sabers and they are so cool, this saber is the best, you can fight and the saber will not get damage, i like it very much. I got a green and black and my brother a blue and black so we can fight. The light saber full extended is like 3/4 of a meter but it do his job. The electronic light sabers are to fancy and they get broke in a moment. THE FORCE BE WITH YOU.
Great deal and gift. If you want something different and at a good price.
I recived this product about a day or so before Christmas.  It was in perfect condition.  Will order from you in the future. Thanks
Nice watch for the price. Case is a little bigger than some, but a nice watch with easy to read face
Do not waste your money. My son was so excited to get floam. He had been asking for it for a very long time. Finally I gave in and bought it. It is like little pellets in green slime. It is so wet and slimy that it is not possible to mold it into anything. And you can't stick it to anything like they show in the commercials because once you thouch it it is hard to get the slimy mess of off your hands. It is very messy and impossible to play with. The commercials are very misleading. 
I think it will do a good job of protecting my phone in case I drop it
I only had a chance to use it once so far. It's been really cold and I have had no desire to go out there and check the air pressure of my tires. The only time I used it, it worked fine. This is my 3rd air compressor for the car. The first one was stolen from my car, but it got me out of trouble a couple of times. That's why I decided to buy the second one. It's a Craftsman unit that doesn't work any good at all. So I went online and did some research and read a couple of reviews for different units and decided to go for this one. The only thing I don't like is that you loose some air from the tire when you try to unscrew the hose. You just have to put two extra PSI's
Just found this same product on the CostCo website for $67.99 +Shpg!!! Save yourself the $30
My 6 year-old daughter got this for Christmas and spent more than an hour coloring the pieces.  The ink dries quickly and seems to stick pretty well. We have rinsed the tea set a couple of times and never noticed ink washing away.  
Poor quality, belts do not fit correctly, can not be returned because it is swimwear according to policy. --- Don't trust Skinny Dip Swimwear
this thing doesn't work, nothing but black and white image and off center.  my video card is ntsc like it said but won't work on the 3 computers i have.  don't buy this, buy a video converter box
These centipedes are wonderful! They have a lot of flavor and last a long time!
My boyfriend and I received two of these gorgeous cucumbers as a surprise gift from a friend.  And what a surprise!  They arrived as fresh as Mother Nature intended.  And they didn't skimp on the size of these suckers either.  And it just so happened I was making gazpacho that night and needed cucumbers when lo and behold the UPS delivery lady rang my bell.  Boy did we get a lot of pleasure out of these babies.  If you want to brighten someone's day, give the gift of cucumbers
This film is about a female student at Randolph University in Alabama in the early 60's who is a writer for the school newspaper.  She gets caught up in the civil rights movement and gets into trouble for writing in the newspaper articles favorable to the civil rights movement.  It could have been a decent movie, but I found the acting and the dialogue so superficial and uninvolving and unconvincing.  A much, much better movie on this theme is The Long Walk Home and also The Ghosts of Mississippi
I was thrilled when I received this knife. It was cute, small, and the utilities were perfect for light duty mom-emergency situations. However, after less than a month in my purse, the floral plastic cover (which in truth I thought felt pretty flimsy when I got it) had broken off one side and was cracked on the other. Sigh..
Eight years ago today was the day Blondie's reunion album was released, and though it was great to see Blondie back together, No Exit just fell short on many levels. 2004's The Curse of Blondie(see my review also on Amazon)is a much better album and should have been their comeback. No Exit won't exactly take you back to the hooks that made Blondie famous. Harry's lyrics are wonderful in "Double Take," but the deadpan melody literally kills the song. Fans were also not terribly waiting for jazz standards("Boom Boom in the Zoom Zoom Room") or revamped demo tracks("Out in the Streets"), but the worst cut is the title song that includes a rap verse by Coolio. Both the band and Coolio could have thought of something more productive to sing about. The music isn't catchy either. All is not lost with songs like "Night Wind Sent," and Harry's own transformation in "Forgive and Forget, plus who would dare argue Blondie's potential to shake the pop world again when you hear "Maria." As the album's best track, "Maria" is a wonderful reminder of how Blondie, and Debbie, can still create an infectious pop song that leaves a template on the mind
I have two 8" picture frames that are other brands, and they are GREAT and I use them for Open Houses all the time! I got this one as a gift from a friend, and it is terrible!! The instructions are difficult to understand. The wide screen makes everyone in the picture look FAT and distorted! This is a weird size and I am not happy at all!! I don't recommend it
Another product of Hollywood's "Karaoke Culture".  In an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind, we have in "U-571" an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of "Das Boot".  But instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war, we get a cheap flag-waving pile of Hollywood propaganda. The lighting, camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by DB. But the bigoted innacuracies (German submariners machine gunning helpless sailors) and absurd scenarios (an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit) put this ridiculous movie in its own category. U-571 is just another thin, over-promoted, throw-away movie you'll forget the day after you see it
Book Fans: Don't listen to "Dude Supy," because he most likely hasn't read the books.  This game is very fun, but doesn't last very long at all.  If you like the books, you should rent it.  You probably won't want to buy it, though.  I rented it yesterday and beat it today.  Very fun, but not for long
I would rate this zero stars but the system will not allow me to do this - hence the one star.I bought this watch for my wife as a 2006 Christmas present. The crystal subsequently cracked due to temperature changes. The elegant design of a thin gold rim holding the crystal cannot stand large rapid temperature differences. I went to my local jeweler who was very familiar with the crystal issue with Skagen watches. I called Skagen, seems they are aware of this problem too. However the only option offered was to send the watch back for repair -pay $25.00 for repair of the crystal, pay $8.95 for s&h and then pay insurance and return postage. As I paid $65.00 for the watch I consider this a total ripoff. I would not buy another product from Skagen and recommend that Amazon discontinue selling any Skagen products until they become a responsible corporate partner. It is a pretty watch and seemed like a good deal - but it is not turning out that way. Or you can buy this watch and only wera it in warm climates
Good Housekeeping does not send a notice to the person receiving the subscription in a timly manner. It shouldn't take 2 to 3 weeks to receive notification
It's useful.  Not the prettiest, but it makes reading more comfortable, especially for those times when you don't feel like sitting all proper at the table or desk
I have owned this camera for about a year and I have never really enjoyed it.  For a point and shoot it is bad, it takes pictures way too slowly and I often miss out on a good shot.  It is also not as user friendly as I would have hoped it to be with so many scene settings.  While I enjoy some of them, most of the time my pictures turn out grainy (in low light), whitewashed (with flash) or blurry (of even slowly moving objects).  I have tried changing the exposure time and shutter speed to counter some of these things, but I rarely get a good picture when I need it.  I never had these problems with my ELPH s200.  This camera is also a lot more bulkier as well, and the cover over the lens has started to stick so that it does not fully open when turned on. If given the option I would not buy this camera again
IT's a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does.
This is a Cd of the history of the band. Interesting but was not a music CD. Was not worth the price
This is a great bag. It fits the camera perfectly and has room for all of the accessories as well.  I'm very pleased and was happy that Amazon carries the item as we could not locate it anywhere else
I bought this for my mother-in-law who is in her 80s and set it up for her.  It's quite easy if you're already computer literate, and the controls are very user friendly as well.  The software could use a few tweaks to make it not look so basic, but for someone like my mother-in-law, it works well. ---  --- Wish I had a docking station for my Nikon. --- 
For those who don't know russian the title of this was (Просмотрение K-19 - Review of K-19, thought I'd be funny there) --- This movie is not so much a combat movie it's a what happened movie. The flagship of the Russian Navy though not quite ready for sea gets put underway with 2 Captians, yea that kinda don't go over so well. They have a reactor accident and it seperates the men from the boys. It is quite a gripping movie though. This is also one that needs to be bought not just rented
I have not been able to put this book down since I received it.  I have always dreamed of visiting Italy, but until that time comes, I have been redecorating my home to reflect that dream.  I now have a "Tuscan kitchen" that makes me very happy to be in.  I bought this book for new ideas,and also to confirm that the elements in my home already are the correct ones.  I was thrilled to find these "Tuscan elements" such as pottery, stones, tiles discussed throughout.  And the photographs inspire me to pay attention to details.  It's all about the textures of the walls, the colors, how you display your ceramics....the pictures are beautiful.  I may not get to Italy any time soon, but this book helped bring my dream a little closer to home
This boxed set is beautiful. Everything from the box itself to the discs. I have every individual season box, and the show is the most amazing show on Earth. But, I really wan't this Box Set. So tell me, since it was originally  a Limited Edition Box Set, why does it keep popping up here again? Is it not limited anymore? I hope it isn't. Does anyone know
This item arrived in a timely manner, extremely well-packaged and exactly as advertised. A+++
The wieght is accurate, but the body fat is way off. I had my body fat done 6 months ago by a doctor and I was 12% six months later I wiegh 5 lbs less and the scales says I'm 25%. something is off and I trust the doctor. If all you want is to see your wieght its fine, but the rest... well find another scale
I have this console for protection of master bedroom 40" LCD Samsung 1080p HDTV and Denon surrond sound 7.1 home theater system. I have been very pleased with the improved picture and sound. Before hooking up to this console, I had a slight wave going across the screen. It is now gone as is the slight buzz from the sound system. --- I also have 1-2 power outages every month from new construction in our area. The console has protected all of the equipment very well. Considering the price and free shipping through Amazon, I highly recommend this console
Well-made hard case that is virtually a necessity to protect the Tungsten E2 which comes with a flimsy, cheap flip case
I was worried about buying this kit because of the cost, but it's worth every penny.  In less than a week my feet have gone from cracked and peeling to soft and healthy.  This kit is amazing
The sleep guard did not keep my mouth open enough at night.  My jaws still clenched tight
i tried all the possible creams on the market, cheap and expensive, for my dark circles but this is the only one that worked imediately. i cannot live without it, this is a keeper. it stings a little bit, not all the time but it does. it says that it should only be used twice a day but if i've had a really tiring week and i'm in a rush to look good i use it up to five six times a day, just a tiny film and with 2 hours between them. i guarantee that in three days you'll not recognize yourself(in a good way). very important: it tends to dry the skin under the eyes very much so be sure to aplly after a very good cream( i use pure chamomile cream)and leave it over night. well, follow my recipe and you'll shine fast, you'll see
I was hesistant to upgrade to vista for a while but I decided to invest and see what the hype was all about. I have a P4 HT 3.0 Ghz with a good video card and after upgrading my current desktop to 2 GB of ram, I found that vista runs really well on my machine. I bought the home basic because microsoft advised it and I dont need any of the other features offered in premium. I love the graphic capabilities of vista and the functionality is really nice. I had no problems using any of my programs and had to only upgrade my video and sound drivers after installation. Vista installed all of my updated device drivers for me as well. This is definitely a solid OS and I would highly recommend upgrading to vista if you have the recommended hardware requirements
This is a wonderful show and very true to the band's recent live performances, albeit with a condensed songlist. I give it only 4 stars because I had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Winwood and band live and the Sound Stage gig seems just a tad below that experience--which is admittedly an unfair comparison. Nothing to knock about this tidy show by a true virtuoso (actually a band of virtuosos). Consider it 4.5.
There is currently a known issue with many of the Sony Camcorders.  This is being called the "black screen of death". ---  --- What happens is that the camera works great for 1-2 years then the CCD goes out like a light.  The camera will not take video again. ---  --- Sony is evasive if not downright deceitful about this issue when you call tech support.  The fact is Sony does not stand behind their product.  If this happens to you, Sony will not own the defect and you will be out hundreds of dollars. ---  --- There is a lengthy thread on CNET on this issue.  Search for Sony black screen. ---  --- Wishing you luck in the purchase of your (not Sony) video camera, --- Scot
The product is very good, do not misunderstand me although it is not as good as the same produt when we bought it ten years ago: The curls tend to stay put less time compared with the former hair curler tubes. ---  --- But still, we strongly recommend them against heat activated tubes. It's a good buy
I bought one last year as it was supposed to be accurate and you could do it yourself.  Doing it yourself is misleading as the directions for one of measuring sites for women require you to hold it in your right hand and measure the back of your right tricep.  Impossible to do both at the same time.  Even with the help of my trainer who is skilled at using calipers it gave widely variable readings and inconsistant results.  The feature that takes your % body fat and classifies your level by age never worked.  Mine was stuck making the classification by the youngest age group for women.  Basically it ignored specific data entered in for age and male/female.   I was very disappointed but was fortunate to get my money back
This inflatable kayak is a hoot! I bought one yesterday and did about 12 miles on the Truckee River through Reno in it with my teenage son. (Yes, I am incredibly stiff and sore, and he's raring to go again.) ---  --- First of all realize that this does not handle like a hardbody kayak. Close, but not quite. It is just a pointy rubber raft, after all. It likes to go down the river sideways or backwards, depending upon where the heaviest bottom sits. But, it can be easily paddled by one or two persons to float just like the real thing. ---  --- About thirty years ago I used to have a fiberglass kayak and went down many rivers here in the western USA. I've worn wool long underwear under a wetsuit to stay warm and have almost lost camera gear and food in rollovers. I kinda know how to handle a kayak. ---  --- This Sevylor should not be taken through anything greater than a 4, depending upon the skill of the paddler. It rides like a typical rubber raft through crests and holes. It might be fun to play with solo in standing waves, but it would be hard to brace into because there are no foot/heel rests. There is no way to stay in it in a rollover. You'll just get dumped out. ---  --- On the practical side, it only weighs about 23 pounds, can be had for around $140, inflates easily and quickly with a plunger air pump (sold separately), is easily portaged around the rough water, has a very shallow draft, is made from some very tough PVC, is comfortable to sit in for several hours, is easy to dump water out of, cleans off quickly with just a hose, and deflates in a heartbeat to be folded back into the size of a medium suitcase. For us, it is perfect - affordable, handy in the waters we frequent, easy to inflate/deflate/store. ---  --- I'm thinking of getting another one so that he can have his own, and so that I won't get quite as splashed-on from his flailing paddling. He can also tow old mom on the wide slow parts. ---  --- Sue :)
If you are not  an IT person you will need help setting  up .Using D-Link customer service is a chore due to language issues .I bought the video phone to contact my son in Taiwan and it never would connect ==D-Link HELP LINE ?? ==could not understand why and were  of no  help  what so ever .I could reach the test location but that was it .=Complete waste of money !!
Mark Twain once said that (and I paraphrase)the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read. That is my experience with this book. For some reason, A Tale of Two Cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists, and I figured it was one of those books I should have under my belt. So I picked it up. What a slog! A book that might have been fascinating due to its French Revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama. We were supposed to shed tears for Sidney Carton, a character who you barely get to know, and root for Lucie Manette...the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness. The only thing I liked about this book was how Madame Defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge. An admittedly cool concept. Maybe this book speaks to another era, maybe it's past its prime, maybe I don't have the required literary sensibilities, or maybe I couldn't relate, but A Tale of Two Cities bored me to tears.
We bought this for our son after experiencing some dirty or too large public toilets.   --- My husband tried to use it for the first time yesterday and could not get it to fit the toilet at a restaurant and there was no way he could lift my son on to it without it slipping. --- I thought I would give it a try today when we were out for breakfast.  Typical toilet at Einstein's bagels.   --- I had a hard time getting it to stay, lifted my son up and placed him on the seat.  He let out a horrible scream and I lifted him up and threw the seat cover to the floor.   --- He was bleeding. --- THE PRIMO FOLDING POTTY SEAT CUT HIM ON HIS BEHIND!!!!!! --- This product does not fit on toilets, the handles are blocking where the legs should go and instead of protecting him, it hurt him. --- We will just bring disinfecting wipes from now on. --- DO NOT BUY THIS!!! ---  
18 Jun 2005 ---  --- As the book progressed, it got more and more egoistic, to the point where it becomes a turn-off towards the end of the book. I am surprised that there was so little mentioned of Hakeem. Shaq's attitude seems to be that since he can score, he does not respect centers who can't score. Whereas he respect Bill Russell. But he does give Kobe his fair share of spotlight. The other book I read was an unabashed hype of Shaq, so this is a big improvement.
This watch is a delightful present; Amazon did a great job in delivering it on time and in excellent condition and as stated in the previous review it does look better than even on the picture! Keep up the fantastic work Amazon, you guys are a great, realiable, trustworthy source to send out gifts to loved ones in the US ordered from outside the US. [...
the zanzibar collection is bright and cheerful . . . animal images are unusually cute.  i mounted the wall hangings with velcro so they can be taken off the wall. the baby enjoys touching them and seeing them close up
I saw this movie years ago, but didn't remember much about it, except some of the songs, and the basic story.  I also saw "Nights of Cabiria", from which the story was taken. I love musicals, and I  --- think Shirley MacLaine is very talented.  She is very sweet as Charity Hope Valentine, and one can't help wanting a happy ending for her.  So why did I think this movie was awful? First of all, some of the dialogue was so repetitious it became irritating-- how many times can you listen to Charity say "Fickle finger of fate" over and over without wanting to hit the mute button?  Also, some of the scenes went on and on and on-- especially the elevator scene.  And-- the intermission was totally unnecessary. But the worst disappointment for me was the musical numbers. I didn't like any of them--- they were so far over the top as to be silly.  Bob Fosse must have thrown everything into them that he could--- instead of letting the dancers and the songs carry the numbers, he had so much busyness in all of them-- too many people, costumes that didn't fit the story, silly moves-- and they all went past the point of enjoyment.  I fast forwarded thru --- a couple of them just to get them over with.  I have never done that before with any movie. This could have been so much better-- the story was good, the charactors were good-- but the whole thing should have been toned down. The movie could have been 30 minutes shorter if there had been some trimming. It was entirely too long.   Also--- all that stop action-- what was that all about? I know, I know-- it was to show the progress of the story, but it was a distraction. --- I didn't like the movie and was glad when it was over.
I ordered for my Grand daughters Xmas present and she loves them... --- Mission accomplished !!!
I own this program and for 20 bucks, it's outstanding.  Depending on what you want to do, you need to know that there are limits though.  If you want to just drop screenshots from your PC Game and make your own story, it's awesome.  If you want to drop your own photos or mess with the provided clipart, you can do that with ease as well.  If you want to make your own comic with your own pictures, that can get a bit tricky.  You need an art program like Photoshop, or scan your own drawings into the computer and put them in the clipart folder.  Then you can use them as inserts into the panels or as clipart, which allows you to overlap the panels a bit for a semi professional layout.  I have been working on a 24 page comic for a couple months (I have a wife and kid so there are limits to my time) and it's coming out quite nicely.  Now granted, this is not going to get you any contracts or deals with publishers but it's fun.  And anyone who loves comics and has wanted to make one of their own come to life, this is the key.
 ---   MY SON'S INLAWS RAVED AT THE HAMBURGERS AND STEAKS.  I WAS VERY  ---  PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND PROMP DELIVERY...BOTH EXCELLENT.  THANK ---  YOU FOR THE AVAILABILITY
I will keep this short and to the point this is the best phone I have ever owned.Its great for taking pictures the pictures come out so clear
This is simply a transfer of the LP master done when CDs were just getting started. The quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker. Go for the Collectables twofer instead. Much better sound and more cuts
SAVEUR has been a guilty pleasure for me for some time. Guilty because it is hard to take serious a magazine with such a hoity sounding name... and admittedly some of the travel-and-food stories are just on the edge of self-indulgent, self-concious behaviour. They laugh at me at home (or used to) for reading it. ---  --- What makes it good is the content. The cover story each issue is usually a "destination" article, focused on a particular area and its food (cuisine is the wrong word here), written in a personal vein, with beautiful photos, and this is the heart of the magazine. But the other content is equally beautiful and it is amazing how many of the recipes actually are useful and have become mainstays for me... not just something good looking. ---  --- Hide the cover if you must, but I think this is the best "foodie" magazine
As is typical of many magazines, Sunset jams it to existing subscribers.  They offered me a "deal" to re-subscribe for 12 months for $29.95!  Here on Amazon, I can get two years (24 months) for $29.95.  Magazines need to understand basic marketing.  It takes a lot of advertising dollars (mailings) to get a new subscriber.  Once you have a subscriber it is easy to keep them if you treat them right.  Charging existing subscribers double what is offered to new subscribers is bad business
This is a great fire pit for the money.  It is deep and secure.  No fear of the fire getting "loose."  It also doubles as a BBQ. Great buy for the money
I am so happy with Aquasana Shower Filter. I live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored. As a consequence, my skin shortly turned dry and I continuously got skin problems. I even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday. Now that I have found Aquasana, I feel so happy. It does what it promises. I could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time. And it did feel like showering in natural spring water. I couldn't be happier with this product
The taste is OK, but not great.  The one thing about this that is somewhat annoying is that it's a two serving packet which means that it makes 16 ounces for liquid.  I really only want to eat up 8 ounces at a time.  That means I have to guess how much is half and then roll up the bag to save the remaining portion.  Even if I did want to eat the entire packet, I don't have a bowl that is 16 ounces (and all my bowls are perfectly normal sized).  The bottom line here is that there is nothing wrong with the taste of the soup (still, I'm not in love with it).  I just wish there was a better way of packaging.  I'm the only one eating it, and maybe that affects my opinion.  If you have more than one person in your family then it won't be a problem at all, and you can ignore everything I've said.
Reliable brand of work pants in a good selection of colors is all we're asking for
This watch was of such poor quality that the second hand fell off by the third day of use. The cost of shipping to claim a defect under warranty was more than the initial cost of the watch. A total disappointment and waste of time and money, don't buy this watch.
I recieved these dead, they don't fit right in most devices and I haven't been able to get them to work since they've been recharged, it's not my charger..... waste of mone
I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series.  Enterprise started before I had my PVR and was either on at a time I was unable to watch it or I never made time.  I watched one episode of Star Trek the Next Generation yesterday and it peaked my interest in watching some Star Trek episodes again.  Rather than watch episodes I've already seen, Enterprise looks like a great way to enjoy Star Trek episodes. ---  --- As far as privacy concerns mentioned in other reviews, if you're paranoid, the internet isn't for you.  Keep your private things private, and not on networked computers.  Hopefully Amazon will remove reviews that do not at all pertain to the show they are attached to
A wonderful kit to have in case of an emergency situation.  All that it lacks it a cellphone
I own this unit for more than a year. Bought it in the local drug store for $20. First unit was bad, displaying low battary error. I exchanged it same day for another one. I compared readings with traditional thermometers  and found it to be very accurate, fast, and can show in both C and F. The best I've ever had. --- The case is bad - lock broke in a week
I am a woman and was extremely offended at the portrayel of Black men in this book and in the movie.  The work offers NO BALANCE whatsoever which feels like a slap in the face.  One Black male in this book could have been something other than weak or cruel.  It is no wonder Spielberg was eager to take on the project and white people are going to the theater in droves.  The castration of the Black male has always been their main attraction, apparently Oprah's as well
I have Fireworks, Corel Paint, and now CS2 to choose from. Perhaps it's my familiarity with PhotoShop that makes me so partial to it, but I feel it's the best imagery software on the market. I upgraded to this from PS7, so I missed out on CS, but from what I can tell, this is the smoothest-running version yet. I've not encountered any problems with system or support... I guess everyone's experience is different. But this is great software, and the Vanishing Point feature is just brilliant
I bought this after I read the first review below (the one who gave this 5 stars).  It just doesn't work very well...I do a better job pumicing on my own (it just takes more effort).  The motor does get extremely hot, and the batteries die very quickly.  The box says it can run for 45 minutes on two AA's, but after about 5 minutes...you can feel it slow down.   ---  --- Definitely not worth it.  I'm calling today to return it. 
After trying this phone out a few days here are my personal results ---  --- Pros --- 1. What attracted me to this phone were the fitness features, flip phone design and the rugged design. So far I like the pedometer/running tools. You have to calibrate it manually if you want the best results, but right out of the box it's been okay so far.  --- 2. I've had other mp3 cell phones (LG VX8500 Chocolate, Samsung SCH-A930, Motorola SLVR L7) and this one blows all of the others out in this category. Granted this is not going to contend with the iPod but for a cell phone the Walkman abilities are impressive. --- 3. User Interface. By far the cleanest and most intuitive I've used. But then I guess almost anything is an upgrade over the Verizon OS. ---  --- Cons --- 1. I can't stand the armband that came with this. The length of the headphones cord is way too long for running, at least for me personally. It's taken me a few times to figure out something comfortable in terms of cord management. --- 2. Button layout. My hands aren't big by any means but I still have trouble with some of the dedicated buttons (Walkman, Internet, Shortcuts, Power On/Off).  --- 3. 2 Megapixel camera. I said I don't use the camera feature often and i'm glad I don't for this camera. This has the be the most stripped down, barebones 2 megapixel camera I have used.  ---  ---  --- Overall I must say that I am satisfied with my purchase; I'm still tyring to figure out some of the features on this phone. I had the choice between this and the W810i for the same price at the Sony Store and I opted for this one because of the flip phone style and fitness features and I must say that these two features haven't let me down yet, otherwise I would've gone for the W810
It's hard to find gluten-free energy bars that aren't too sweet, and this totally fits the bill.  You wouldn't want to eat these as candy -- there's some subtle truth-in-advertising in the "Choc-Bar" name (say it out loud) -- but I think I ate at least six of these on my last backpacking trip, and I am pleased to report that these are VERY tasty with plenty of water when I've been getting a serious workout and need the energy.  Comparing labels, the nutrition and caloric content of an entire Choc-Bar is pretty similar to that of a Clif Bar.  (The label says the "serving size" is half a bar, but that would be like eating half a Clif Bar -- there's no way I'm stopping after just a few bites when I'm in the middle of a nine-mile hike!
This is an overwritten and overhyped piece of fiction that will never pass for great literature. It is timely but it is not timeless.   ---  --- Not one character comes alive even though they all talk endlessly. Not one scene is memorable. The true nature of the book -- soap opera-- is cloaked under its many pages.   Messud is a good writer who in this instance could not tell a good story, and she seems to have believed her publicity machine.  I can't believe that her husband, who a great literary critic, would not talk her out of publishing this.  Oh.  I forgot.  Money and fame trumps quality every time.
I'll reread any of Lipman's books multiple times - except this one.  Boring and disappointing finish
This movie is the most frightening film I've tried to watch with my [...] daughter. It is NOT suitable for very young children. I was rather horrified by just how creepy it is. The juxtaposition of the saccharine bears with the sadistic cruel scary "spirit" is truly bizarre and could;ve been created by someone who in fact HATES children. If you are not buying this movie due to your own nostalgic desire to relive the 80's, but to watch something sweet and cuddly with your sweet and cuddly children, be forewarned. This movie is not only bad, it's kinda 'bad'. Like, not in a good way. If children are not involved in the purchase- but you are reliving the 80's or getting some really weird gift for a friend, then, you know, maybe you'll dig it. I didn't
Although the i607 (BlackJack) was not listed on the packaging as a compatible device it works perfectly. The earbuds sound surprisingly good and a simple push of a button to answer a call. Even on the call you hear the caller in both ears and the other party said they were able to hear me clearly
The sheets were just as described and worth the price. Timely on shippng also. Very pleased
I'd be happy to write a review if I could ever get a working copy of this program. Three different computers and not one would the disc install on
i heard of this magazine even before i came to this country and it never disappointed me ever since i subscribed it. i valued it most among other photography magazines i subscribed to. the reason is that i find this magazine have "real stuff". for equipment, it has a detailed and objective test. the articles are not just obscure evaluation u find elsewhere, for instance, it once said:"...based on our field and lab test, this amateur lens gives a better performance than its professional counterpart...", whereas in other magazines, what u find probably is "this lens is good, and that one is nice...". for photo tips, it is more insightful than just "sunny 16" or "always use a tripod". u can find the photographer's own consideration as to why put the composition this way but not that. in all, i think this magazine is for anyone who is interested in photography to begin and continue wit
Hey if you are thin and you are on gym you should use this product, it raelly goo
I had a fabric seat saver for my leather seats before. Needless to say fabric doesn't protect leather very well. I ended up with deep depressions in the leather. Hopefully the leather will go back (fingers crossed). The firm bottom piece seems to work well to prevent any more indentations from showing up. And both of the carseats are as secure as ever. I have the rear and forward facing models.
these boots are a great alternative to the military style combat boot. and the cost is less then when i purchased similar style boots when on active dut
I feel better serving this mac & cheese than all the others out there - no artificial colors or flavors, and it tastes great!  Cheese sauce is on the salty side, so i throw a bit of my own pasta in with the shells to cut sodium content.   
Other than that this is a proper introduction to the Heavster
I Bought this sword on the 25'th of december. Got it on the 27'th of December. Paid for standard shipping. --- Amazing delivery time! the sword is amazing too! --- Thanks for the great product X-Bows, i will be coming back to you soon
I will begin by saying that this movie by no means touches on a new plot. The 'geek' boy falls in love with the alternative girl, while she's already fallen for someone else, who is a complete jerk. Of course, they end up together in the end. However, most movies are bought for the newness, the originality, and are watched once or twice and forgotten on a dusty shelf. This movie captures attention through other avenues. The characters are charming, and everyone will relate to this movie, and say 'hey, that sounds like someone I know'. Ths soundtrack is fabulous, and the movie includes a segment of a live performance by Everclear, that, although short, is very impressive. My advice: Rent this. If you like it the first time you see it, then proceed to buy it, because you always will. If you're not keen on it, then don't bother
Perhaps these other people had bought the product before they lowered the quality.  My experience with this product is that it does not cut hardly at all.  I threw the item in the trash and bought a ConAir at Kmart which surprisly worked about 20 times better.  My recommendation is DO NOT BUY
After a week of using this I find the motor noise that others talk about is nothing.  Mine is a refurbished model from tigerdirect, so maybe the motor was already fixed :-)  My mother in law has a camcorder that sounds like a blender.  The ZR 500 is OK in low light, but you CAN adjust the exposure manually to correct if it isn't to your liking. You can also adjust the focus too! ---  --- My friend who is a mini DV guru said that in this end of the consumer spectrum this camera is on par.   ---  --- I've made two practice DVD's (with firewire, no problem at all) with this camera and like what I see.   ---  --- For those of you that have bad motornoise: try your video software to edit the noise out.  Power Director has that feature. ---  --- I am happy with this product, but I would rather have a higher end model now that I have a bit more in my budget for a camcorder. --- A great camcorder for beginners! 
The razor and trimmer are both easy to use and give a nice clean shave.  I am very happy with this item
Hooba...stank...stinks and will always stink. I don't know about the rest of the CD, but listening to The Reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal.  I'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn. Egad
My boss asked me to get this, so that he check out the Latin portion of it. ---  --- What a waste!  The only Latin on this CD is *Latin* American Spanish. ---  --- The interface was underwhelming. I needed to guess at what did what, because the controls are mostly icons. What's worse, there is no  menu bar at the top to help take the guess work out of using the program.  ---  --- Apparently though, the manufacturer did throw in an extra *not* listed on the back.  If you are learning the differences between US and UK English, its there! ---  --- I gave this one star, only because I couldn't give it no stars
No matter where I set my temperature controls on the grill, this thermometer always reads the temp at 500 degrees or more. I placed the thermometer in our oven and set the oven for 350 degrees yet the thermometer showed the temp at 450-500. I have called Taylor's customer service on several occasions and they never bother to call back. I would never buy another Taylor product
Bought this boot for varying terrain and temperature conditions.  It is stable, comfortable, provides good traction, and is warm without being sweaty. I would strongly recommend this boot.
Scanner saved me a lot of time and money. I was able to find out what was wrong with my motorhome without taking it to a garage
I needed something to express how I felt in a way that few words would say exactly that and the yin yang necklace did it for me. 
I really like OmniForm 5.  Actually I'm using version 5.1 and I'm very satisfied with it. ---  --- I was using another forms program I had purchased that was adequate but not nearly as good.  After using FormTool I have a much greater appreciation of OmniForm. ---  --- ScanSoft has been on my list of not to buy software recently  because of some of the poor performance of some of their other programs, tech support is expensive from ScanSoft and none of their software that I have used have been easy to learn using the manuals or help files.  In contrast OmniForm was well worth the money. ---  --- OmniForm 5 does a great job of either creating forms from scratch, scanning or converting from PDF.  It's the only forms program I have tried so far that actually does a great job of importing a form from a PDF file. ---  --- Its has all the tools you need to create a form starting with a blank page.  You can define any field with a variety of formats. Example you can create a date field with a specific format then no matter how the data is input the program will automatically reformat the data the way you specified.  You can create just about any field simply by dragging a symbol from a menu onto the page. In the case of inserting a graphic you can choose to have the graphic saved with the form or not saving with the form itself to conserve file size. You can have the graphic resized by the program with little loss of quality.  Features such as these might be available in other programs of this type but I found OmniForm to do the best job with creating a form field by field with the least effort. ---  --- Scanning in of a form is almost flawless.  It even recognized fields on the paper form that were meant to be circled and created the field for them.  Other programs I have used could not do this well if at all.  The only adjustments I had to make on scanned forms were sometimes OmniForm recognized text as bold when it wasn't and occasionally it would change the font. For example it would change Arial to Times New Roman on some spots of the form. Strange quirk. ---  --- To get a form imported from a PDF file you have to open the PDF file and print to OmniForm.  This is very accurate with little adjustment necessary after import. OmniForm really shines in this area.  But I did notice if the form your importing from PDF has multiple pages OmniForm will give you an out of memory error when you try to save.  To overcome this flaw you have to import one page at a time, creating a new page each time in OmniForm to make a multi page form from PDF. A little time consuming when you have a 9 page form.  ---  --- It will create a self running .exe form you can e-mail and the person on the other end can fill out the form and send it back. This works even the other person does not have OmniForm on their machine.  Because some people filter out .exe file attachments the program also creates a .html version of the form.  This is a very handy feature. ---  --- The help file is not of much use. The paper manual is better but still lacking. If you have problems tech support from ScanSoft is expensive.  But there is a user support forum you can get to through the support page on the ScanSoft web site. I have used the forum with great success. ---  --- Overall this program is a little difficult to use with some quirks and needed features like being able to import and save a multiple page form from PDF.  But well worth the effort to use as it is the most accurate forms program I have used. ---  --- I do recommend this program.  If the flaws I mentioned were corrected I would give this program 5 stars
My 11 yr old son got these Moon Shoes at Christmas and he plays with them a lot.  He has ADHD and Sensory Integrative Dysfunction, and the bouncing really soothes him and gets him refocused.  I don't think he ever expected to bounce very high; he seems to be happy enough with the bounce he gets.  When he wants to play with them in the house, I send him downstairs to jump around on the concrete floor to save wear and tear on my hardwoods. ---  --- The downside for us has been that the bands have started snapping very frequently.  At the rate he's going, he'll run out of bands long before he outgrows wanting to play with the toy.  So if anyone hears of a way to get more bands, please speak up
i cannot agree with any person who gives this over 1 star. The main problem I had with this product was that it was far too overpowering in the fragrance department. I swear, it was like bathing in GATORADE. And while I'm sure that AXE was going for that whole electrolyte thing in all its glory, but the smell is far too fragrant. And if you think that it has even the slightest bit of an invigorating quality, think again. I was a lot happier with Snake Peel
Another reviewer said:  --- I think this product needs a few improvements, but in all it is a strong value proposition.  ---  --- Here's what I would improve if I were in charge:  ---  --- 1. A higher resolution screen so that the GUI could present more information.  --- 2. Macintosh compatibility.  --- 3. The PC cable should be included. As it stands, the cable and PC software costs nearly as much as the device itself.  ---  --- I say:  --- As far as the higher resolution goes, I wouldn't want the print to be any smaller, especially if you have to deal with direct sunlight otherwise you would be hard pressed to see the readout.  ---  --- Concerning issue 2 & 3 I have no comment because I did not purchase the software.  ---  --- However concerning the unit itself, I have noted the following improvements which will allow me to grade this product 5 stars.  ---  ---  --- Noted suggestions for modification to the eCaddy.  ---  --- 1. The clip should remain, however the eCaddy should be attached to the clip via a strong pull cord. This will allow quick and easy interaction to the eCaddy. (I have to suck in my gut to work the eCaddy while it is on my belt.)  ---  --- 2. The order of the "Hole/Par/Handi" buttons should be switched to "Handi/Par/Hole". Again, this will allow for quick and easy interaction to the eCaddy due to the respective position of the "Player" buttons.  ---  --- 3. A thin plastic slot simular to the "Player Name Slot" should be added to the back of the eCaddy so the user can insert a card with the abbreviate names of selective Golf courses. It is very difficult to remember the name of #1, #2 ~ #10.  ---  --- 4 THIS IS A BIG PLUS AND SHOULD BE A MAJOR CONSIDERATION: The players default score should automatically be set to the value of par for the hole.  ---  --- This will certainly please the user of the eCaddy. Currently, I will preset the values before we tee off because I know No One will get a "Hole in One" on a Par 5 hole. It is very unlikely that they will get a "Hole in One" on a Par 4 hole and it is rare to get a "Hole in One" on a Par 3 hole. This way it is possible to not have to be as busy with the eCaddy for many holes.  ---  --- Before this product came along, I had created a spreadsheet that I uploaded to my Palm Pilot which worked well but was very difficult to read in the sunlight and tedious to use the pen to keep track of the scores while keeping up with the pace of play.  ---  --- As far as the price is concerned, I feel it's about right if you were able to purchase the unit locally. Depending on who you purchase it from, after shipping and taxes you may spend close to $60. I would feel very comfortable spending $50 tops for this product.  ---  --- Nonetheless, the eCaddy was a definite blessing.  ---  --- Mike Taylor 
I love how well it works. It heats up nicely, does its job, and I am satisfied. My only problem is the igniter. It stopped working and I replaced it. Even then, it still doesn't seem to engage when I press the button. I don't get it. I'm confused. Help a brotha out. --- For now, I am using one of those long-neck lighters.  :( ---  --- 
Stephen King has written another attention grabber.  I read, and listened, as I have both the paperback and the audio book.  I found this book great, as it follows both the imaginary and the real sides of life.  I found that as I read the book, I really would like to visit the library that is described in the book.  This book follows down a strange path, emerging in what could almost be explained as a real story of fact in the past.  I recommend this novel, and the audio book as the narrator does a great job, it will not dissapoint as "everything's eventual" did, in my opinion.  Good luck and good reading!  (Note:  The audio version of this book is narrated by FRANK MULLER.  Anyone who has listened to Stephen King Audio Books has sure to have been wowwed by Frank Muller.  In this audio book recording, Frank Muller's voice is almost unrecognizable and amazing as he plays this roll.  Frank Muller and audio books are truly like movies for your mind)
My husband and I bought this with the hopes that it would keep the odor inside and we could save the money on refills.  Well, it did not control odor.  The plastic disk that is included to neutralize the odor works for about a week.  The odor escaped even when the pail was closed.  You do save money on refills at first.  But when the diapers become stinkier as the baby grows, you have to change the bag more often.  I used A LOT of baking soda and Lysol spray to help control the stink.   ---  --- Also, the button on the top that opens the pail can fail easily, and it is also very easy for a child to get into once they start pulling up on things. ---  --- I would not recommend this product
The charcoal in this soap acts as a sort of rasp for exfoliating dead skin cells. The licorice extract soothes and rehydrates. This is a very good soap if you have minor break-outs or oily skin. If you are very sensitive, you might want to try Fresh Farmacy instead (it has calamine lotion.)
This product is absolutely brilliant. In the past I have always had to go to the bathroom and blot with tissues and get my powder and puff out. Taking too long. Plus ending up with a cake face as the day goes on. ---  With these powder papers, I can do it anytime discreetly, without having to use a mirror or a puff. Just a fresher face with a slight dusting of powder. Perfect
This product is way too salty.  I didn't like it at all, and neither did any of my family.  you can't get the taste out your mouth either after tasting one.
 --- I don't know how many mascaras I own but there's always about two or three that I hold as my favorite or just for different occasions. One of those is Hypnose and I really like it for when I go out or just looking for that dramatic look. ---  --- Postive: --- 1.) The look: I've never neccessarily wanted to wear fake eyelashes but they do look almost perfect. Unbelievably, Hypnose gives you that look. It's amazing just how feathery your eyelashes look. --- 2.) Flaking: This mascara never really flaked on the bottom of my eyes. That's really important to me. ---  --- Negative: --- 1.) This mascara starts out great but after about two and a half weeks it starts emptying out on you. This might just be because there were days when I reapplyed it or simply because I just used it pretty well (1 coat just about everyday because of how much I liked it). ---  --- Summary: If you want that natural yet "are those real lashes?!" look, then you'll like this mascara. I'm giving it four stars instead of five simply because of how long it lasts but if you use it once it a while, then it will last you a while
The Brunton Nexus Star is a low-cost, fairly rugged, basic compass.  Like any low-cost compass, if you know how to use it you can get where you want to go, but it lacks features you may later wish you had.  On the plus side, it is lightweight, inexpensive, and fairly thin, so it doesn't take up a lot of room in your pocket.  On the minus side, the baseplate is very short, so it is harder to use with a map and a little less accurate when reading a bearing.  The biggest disadvantage, in my opinion, is that it doesn't have a true declination adjustment; it is advertised as having a "declination scale" which is not the same.  On a baseplate compass, you take a bearing by lining up the compass needle inside the North Reference Indicator (sometimes called the "Doghouse") etched on the bottom of the vial.  Compasses with true declination adjustment allow you to rotate this "Doghouse" to align it with the desired declination.  That way you always read a bearing by aligning the needle inside the Doghouse.  On the Nexus Star, however, you can't do this.  Instead, you have to remember to line up the compass needle with the point on the scale that corresponds to the local declination.  In this case, the needle is not boxed inside the doghouse, and I find it can lead to errors, especially when you are tired and not thinking clearly after a long hike.  If you always navigate using magnetic bearings rather than true bearings, this isn't a problem. ---  --- I can recommend this compass for use with a GPS receiver that is set to read magnetic bearings, and it is suitable as a back-up compass.  I also regularly use it as an inexpensive tool to teach students in my GPS classes how to use a compass, but I wouldn't recommend it for serious work
Denzel Washington is probably my favorite actor. Even in that dog of a movie called THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE, he shone. Tom Hanks? Well, lemme quit hating the guy. This is a well-intentioned movie, Tom did a creditable job, and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached. I was also pleasantly surprised to see Antonio Banderas fly in the face of his Latino studliness by playing a gay guy. A passionate one, though, since he's still a Latino, after all.  ---  --- Actually, this is a Hollywood "message movie," and you know what that means. It's about as subtle as Michael Moore. Those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours. Those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie, those who don't agree with the message, stay as far away from it as possible.  ---  --- There's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with AIDS boy. The way they stared at him reminded me of "lao wei in China" experiences. Denzel's character was reminded of segregation, even though he's too young to remember it, and started to care about Tom Hanks' character.  ---  --- AIDS discrimination is bad. Actually, any discrimination at all is bad. And that's the movie's message. I agree with the message, but still. That's all we've got.  ---  --- As a totally irrelevant non-sequiter, if the name "Sam Francisco" means anything to you, you've seen subtle commentary on discrimination.  ---  --- I love a great courtroom drama. This one was merely good. With so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film, they had to take a few shortcuts here. Sad, ain't it? But even so, a well-intentioned film that I'm glad I saw. Once. Not twice. Once is enough, thank you.  ---  
A great idea, but very time-consuming to put on.  My advice is to use a regular Maya type sling for the first few months, and then get the Patapum.  It's the least pricey of the "structured" carriers which are the ONLY ones that put the weight on your hips, rather than your shoulders, and therefore spare your spine. 
It took a long while to get this one, but it is entirely worth the wait. This hammock is wide/long and gets a high score for comfort. One thing I didn't know was that the hanging kit (hooks/chains) for this hammock has to be purchased separately (costs about $15). Despite that, I have to say that it is a great buy for its price
I just received the feeder this morning and hung it up in my yard.  I put sugar water in the globes, and had a hummingbird feed from it within just 2 hours of hanging it up!  I was impressed.    BUT, this feeder is not as cute as shown in the picture.  It is actually big and bulky.  Also, the construction is sub-par.  Looks kinda cheap and plasticy. 
If you like strong coffee,typical of the flavors used in better expresso brews this is about the best one we have ever found. --- Period! --- It's worth the money you have to ante up and the extra hassle required in order to buy
received this suit yesterday and used today for first time.  you do sweat but as one of the other reveiwers mentioned i took off the pants and they tore horizontally thru the crotch seam.. one wearing and kaput. --- written to valeo will see what they repl
i love norm macdonald and this is the dumbest movie of all tim
I have been a Microsoft Money user for many, many years. (Going back to Money '98? I forget.) I reluctantly upgraded to Money 2007 Premium earlier this year from Money 2004 when I read somewhere that Money 2004 was no longer going to be supported. (I also read that Money 2005, Money 2006, and Money 2007 had issues. Hence my reluctance to upgrade.) ---  --- For years, I have sync'ed Money with my online accounts on nearly a daily basis. I'm that kind of focused on keeping my eye on my money, and Money has historically served me very well in this habit. Money 2007 does not. ---  --- Since installing it, I have: ---   --- 1) Battled with my prior bank for nearly two months to get them to figure out by Money 2007 does not synchronize with their systems.  ---  --- 2) Installed and reinstalled Money 2007 on several different workstations to test the synchronization issue with my years-old Money file and new, empty Money files. Always fails. ---  --- 3) Now I have *switched banks* thinking the syncing issue was my bank's fault. It wasn't. It's Microsoft Money's fault. ---  --- Syncing fails *every* time with a helpful OBRES 22063 error. Oh, yea, that  --- one! We all know just what that is. ---  --- I have read every Microsoft knowledge base article I can find. I have perused public.microsoft.money and other usenet groups. I have Googled. I have read blogs. The only thing I find is that lots of people have this problem with lots of different financial institutions, and Microsoft is doing nothing about it ---  --- In Money 2004, this worked flawlessly nearly every time. Why did it  --- break?!?!! ---  --- So if you're looking to have Money synchronize with your accounts online, look elsewhere. But if you're all about putting everything in manually, this product will serve you just fine. ---  --- Buy a copy of Quicken instead!
these are by far the worst headphones i have ever bought. I did not know they could make headphones whith such horrible sound quality. They also feel like they are made of cheap plastic. Definently not worth the $15 i paided for them
was dropped onece and it broke. Computer doen't recongise software with windows xp. kids were disappointed they couldn't see there pictures. Called the company and they were no help
I am a foot reflexologist and I highly recommend this product. It is very helpful in working the reflexes on the bottom of the feet
I have a friend who looked for a year for this movie on dvd in brick and mortar stores, I ordered it for her and she had it in a week, and by the next week, she'd watched it ten times. Its a very good movie
I am delighted with this product.  It is beautiful and reasonably priced
This is a simple pirate ship tub toy with two backyardigans characters. My pirate enthusiasts (ages 6, 4 and 2) love it. It doesn't move or make noise, but it floats well and is sturdy. The best part is that the characters fit in the bottom of the ship for easy storage
While this certainly isn't the best pearl jam concert ever it isn't the worst either. The first disc starts a little slow..but you can't argue with getting to hear song's like "In My Tree" and "Faithfull". ---  --- Highlights are: ---  --- Love Boat Captain...a nice opener. One of the best of riot act song's for sure. ---  --- In My Tree, one of, if not my favorite pj songs. Not quite as rocking as the 2000 tour performances but still great. ---  --- Gimme Some Truth.  Maybe not a technically perfect perfomance but heartfelt and passionate. Good john lennon cover. ---  --- Even Flow. Always great. ---  --- Spin the black circle...the band starts to get more into the show after this rocking performance. ---  --- Thumbing My Way...just a great slow song. ---  --- Breath. In my opinion the best performance of the show...just great. ---  --- Crown of Thorns. I really like this version of the song...played well whether you think ed should sing it or not. ---  --- Baba O'Reilly.  The classic "who" song. A great performance. Just try to sit still during this one. ---  --- I would reccomend this dvd to anyone that is a pearl jam fan already but if you're not then I would start with some of their studio albums first.
I got this as agift in she likesd it very much
This is a fun read.  The articles are entertaining and short.  Good to pass some time.  Excellent for the plane!
I have used hundreds of kinds of smoothers and conditioners on my thick color-treated hair (it is poofy and rough without any help!) --- And this stuff did the trick to make is smooth, lay down and be soft in ONE treatment!!!!!!!!!!!! --- Buy this stuff if your hair is coarse and poofy and spilt/damaged! You need this stuff. It smells good, is easy to use (and just use a tiny bit!) and works
I was so excited about this product because it was sold out everywhere I looked, so I figured it must be awesome. Not so. It is loud, which freaked out my 8 month old, and did not suck the stuff out of his nose very well. I've tried every aspirator on the market, and nothing works better than the one they use at the hospital. I took that one home with me, and urge you to do the same :) ---  --- Very disappointed
I wanted it to smell good but it just smells so cheap to me. I tried it several times, but it is NOT amazing. I would NOT recommend this perfume
Do not use this product.  It is very hard to remove from your computer.  It is harder to install than Norton, and is an inferior product.  I will never buy their product again.
The battery life is the worst of any electric razor I've ever used.  The razor doesn't provide a close shave and mine broke after just three uses.  The razor is very cheaply constructed and I would not recommend this to anyone.  You're better off spending twice the money to get a durable machine
I had trouble getting my breastfed baby to take an Avent bottle (which my first took beautifully) so I called the lactation consultants at the hospital to ask their advice.  They suggested the Evenflo classic bottles which are like these except plastic with the clear nipple.  They worked great.  After swearing by Avent with my first, I never imagined the solution to feeding my second would be an "old-fashioned" type bottle.  It works though so I will stick with them
These were very good cookies. I loved the texture and flavor. a nice surprise from a packaged cookie. I would buy again
We bought two of these to take on a family trip.  We chose these both for the price, and for the higher weight tolerance (45 lb).  Our 40 pound six-year old can swap places with a sibling when he gets tired during a long day at the zoo.  They recline far enough for an infant, also.  But, our 10 month old preferred to sit forward and hold onto the front bar to take in the sights.  The strollers are compact and light.  The underneath storage mesh can hold a purse and small diaper bag.  There is another pocket on the back that can hold a water bottle, as well as a latch that can hold small items that have handles.  The stroller was also easy to maneuver.  We are very pleased with our purchase!  The stoller can even hold a Combi carseat, but it didn't work with our Graco
I received this trike with 3 flat tires. The 12 inch tire tube needed to be replaced. The valve in the other two tires were defective and had to be replaced
This was a hugely disappointing film. I did not see it on stage nor do I want to if it is ever resurrected. It trivializes illness, death, God, heaven, range of human emotion and love in all forms. I have grown up in a post-AIDS world and can see so many problems far worse than AIDS.I am tired of listening to actors drone on in selfish pursuits. While America focuses on such banal subject matter, larger more urgent problems are clearly ignored by a society that thinks it has the luxury of still trying to come to grips with sexuality
I have always used Norton antivirus, and had no problems with it at all. I have recently had to migrate to Outlook 2003 and Norton IS 2005 and have non-stop system crashes. I have now uninstalled it and resinstalled my old version of Norton Professional and hey presto everything is working again - and not talking two hours to load.
Aside from the insanely beautiful lead actress, this is pretty run-of-the-mill stuff.  Not scary, only sort of gross, but I think it'd be best in print, Clive Barker deserved better than this
This watch is a classic. I have no issues with it losing minutes. i am very tough on watches, i never take them off, and this watch has been a real tank. i was needlessly worried that the red and blue dial would chip or be scratched off. i am amazed that it has not b/c i have accidentally scraped, smashed it into doors, walls etc...same for the dial, tough as diamonds. it is a BIG watch, so it may not be for everyone, but if you like the styling, it is a steal. and the seals will never weaken b/c it will never be opened to change a battery. i am very impressed
I bought about a million of these pods for my single serving senseo machine.  They don't fit.  One is too big for the single brewing well, and two are too big for the double.  Your only option is one pod in the double brewing well, and the coffee comes out very weak.  Just like this product
I ordered the Igloo quick and cool 150 from Target. I had it 2 days after ordering. It was a very nice cooler but very clearly quite used. Back it went. Be careful ordering from Target in January. They have to do something with those Christmas returns. Check out the product carefully.
I've had a lot of watches in my life.  Some dressy, some functional, and some practically indestructible.  This watch is a combination of all these factors.  Very solid feeling (and much heavier than my titanium dive watch).  Looks great and functions well.  I also like the wetsuit link which allows a quick adjustment to fit over your wetsuit.  The orange face is very legible, and at night, the watch glows almost bright enough to read by!  The clasp is very secure, with a dual button release and an extra clasp to prevent accidental opening.  Day & date are easy to adjust and very readable (much better than my Citizen).  This is a solid performing watch and worth the  money
I do not like this shampoo at all. In fairness, I did give it two stars because it may not be good for coarse african american hair. It seemed to make my hair clump together and made it difficult to comb through when wet. The one thing that did detangle it however was the ojon hydrating conditioner which I do love.  Did have a pleasant scent and foamed up well
Maybe I'm strange but I liked the game.  The only thing I didn't like is the zoom in feature.  I felt that could've been handled by a button push like in COD3. --- The graphics remind me of Time Crisis 3-4. --- No blood?  I could careless.  Only kids seem to care about that stuff nowadays. --- Can't seem to control your view.  Put your arm on your knee for support and tweak your controller some. --- Bad AI?  Seems like it's always bad AI when most get their butts kicked.  I believe the AI to be above avg. since it will advance on you, flank you, hide, draw fire and such.  Yeah there are some glitches here and there but nothing to really whine about.  If you can't see the bad guys you probably need a bigger tv.  I was hitting this guys on my friend 13incher with no issues.  If you can't hit these guys you'll have issues in COD3 for the Wii as well. ---  --- Red Steel 2 is in the works so I'm sure they will fix some these issues. folks keep complaining about. --- Give me online play, some more options in multiplayer, bump in graphics, more weapons, and a zoom button and I'll buy RS2 as well
Seemed like a good idea but these days it hardly fits over any of the grocery carts or high chairs at restaurants.  So now it sits in my car fading in the sun.  Save your money
This is the best handbag-size address book.  Discreet, sexy, all grown up. I bought my first one in Italy and will continue to buy more (because I never write in pencil!
The DVDs are a rip-off, although I'm counting on the REBATE to at least break even (not counting my time). ---  --- The DVD player completely fails to recognize them.  Even after extensive troubleshooting with Disk Management and ensuring my regionalization was not an issue....   ---  --- Just a poor product -- Velocity ought to be ashamed.  More Taiwanese junk.  (I'd recommend Verbatim's DVD+R DL product - made in Singapore) ---  --- As a note I can get other DVD-Rs to work just fine... ---  --- I haven't submitted the rebate yet, so no comment on the veracity of other negative rebate comments
 If you have an RPG bone in your body, back in the days of paper RPG who didnt dream of a game where you could roam creepy tombs fighting the undead, finding magic loot, avoiding traps, all with near cartoon quality graphics.. ---  ---  Thats the game we all wanted. Now finally I believe this is the first game that fufills all aspects of what all RPG'ers envisioned in a game. The world is free-form, the enemy creatures are well animated and pose a challenge in combat, all the characters dialogue is real speech. Theres a strong and challenging main quest to complete. As well you can take your character on many twists and turns. Want to be a professional thief, you can do it. Want to be a murderer and do hits, you can.(shame on you). Want to be a good guy and help out people you can.  ---  The gameworld itself is massive, you can trapse across the gorgeous(and sometimes dangerous) countryside, crossing rivers, mountains, grassy plains. The seasons change and the stars light up at night, it really is graphically amazing.  ---  Thats where it pays to have a top of the line PC, the graphics are amazing so you better have a current system. You can get by with say a Athlon 3000xp and a 9800pro but with part prices so cheap why would you want to? Not Doom3, not Halflife 2, not Prey, this is the game thats pressing people to upgrade their machine. And with Athlon 64's and 16 pipe 256mb graphics cards fairly cheap i'd say its worth upgrading just to play this game. ---  I have an Athlon 64 4000 and a 256mb x800xl and I run the game at 1024x768 at high detail. The game ran well but in some outdoor locations and in combat when things got busy it would slow down a bit, so I dialed back the draw distance a bit and the plant draw distance and now everything is almost always very smooth.(I think plant draw distance is one of the easiest things to dial back to get more FPS without sacrificing visual quality).  ---  I really cant do this game justice in a review, I am at a loss for words to fully convey this games greatness. However I will say if you have even a tiny love of paper or computer RPGs this game is for you. If you enjoy final fantasy type games the freedom in this game will bowl you over. If you like the idea of a free form fantasy world you will want to get this. In fact I have a hard time imagining anyone with the proper computer to run this game not liking it. Though if I had to imagine someone who wouldnt its someone who hates stories, cant be bothered with dialogue and simply wants to blast things for hours. But they have Doom 3 so they're happy too. --- 
Now that I've caved to the power of pink (it only took three girls for me to finally give in), this turns out to be very cute and was the second cheapest I could find.  Quality seems fine (two weeks post purchase) and who doesn't love a tool that keeps the kiddo safe and calm while one does dishes or makes dinner for the rest of the brood...?  For the first babe, we were given a different seat that aimed to be an improvement over the classic and very simple bouncy seat, but had so many functions it was basically useless.  This is a case, though, where the basics are the best.  In looking around for a new one, saw many for $100; if you can stomach the not-as-posh aesthetic, this seems like a great value for a seat that will only used for a few months, anyway
I was so disappointed in this book. I don't find a closeness to God in the pages. Instead it seems intellectual. It contains beautiful sounding prayers that are more like poetry than speaking with God face to face. Even though it contains prayers from across the ages it seems to keep me distant from the personal God I seek. And though the author's prayers are included too, I feel the same about them. I expected more from Richard J. Foster
So far this dryer is working great!  Another brand didn't last 1 year so I hope this one lasts longer
This candle is the ultimate pleasure! It's smell is not over powering, but is pleasurable at the same time. You will be sure to love it as much as I do!
I love these cookies! The only complaint I had is that I ordered a case (12 boxes) and the expiration date was 4 weeks from the day I received the shipment. Yikes, I still have over half the case left and I've been eating them daily (and giving them away)! I probably will not purchase again from this vendor for this reason alone. However, if you're looking for a great, organic cookie without trans fats, this is a nice healthy option
Martina McBride's "Emotion" album contains many pop country elements, but is still nonetheless a great album. Here's how I rate each song. (out of a 5 star scale) ---  --- 1) Do What You Do- good song, but takes a little to get used to. --- (4 stars) ---  --- 2) Anything's Better than Feeling the Blues- good songs, good lyrics. (4 stars) ---  --- 3) I Love You- great song, Martina's most successful song on the country charts, spending 5 weeks in the top spot. (5 stars) ---  --- 4) Make Me Believe- great song about whether one's love is true or not.... i love the lyric "but it's hard to start a fire without a spark (5 stars) ---  --- 5) Love's the Only House- this song will draw a strong connection to your heart. The song is spectacular and speaks the truth... love is TRULY the only house big enough for all the world's pain. The video to this song is very touching as well. Go Martina! (5 stars) ---  --- 6) There You Are- a perfect wedding song... She hold the "are" note for at least 12+ seconds near the end. (5 stars) If you hear this song LIVE, she holds the note 15 seconds!!!! (so LIVE this song will be 6 stars/5 stars!!!!) ---  --- 7) It's My Time- the first song that I ever heard Martina perform live in the AMA awards... she rocked the house down with this song... She also holds a 10 second note at this song. Love that range of hers. (5 stars) ---  --- 8) I Ain't Goin' Nowhere- I like this song and its message about being there for a significant other. (5 stars) ---  --- 9) Anything and Everything- the lyrics and Martina's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection. (5 stars) ---  --- 10)From the Ashes- another standout song on this album. She holds some high notes in this one too. (5 stars) ---  --- 11) Goodbye- a solid performance, I llike how Martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song. (4 stars) ---  --- 12) This Uncivil War- the best song on the album!!!! AMAZING!!!! Written by Gretchen, the writer of Martina's career hit "Indepedence Day." A very emotional song, which defines the title of the album. The ending is a real treat as well. (6 stars!) ---  --- This album is definitely worth purchasing!!! It helps complete my collection of Martina's albums
A good start to create your own business
When I received this bracelet I was absolutely knocked off my feet!! It is larger than it looks in the picture and is absolutely stunning.
I purchased this size ramp to handle wheelchair access over the two-inch threshold to our house and it has done that, but I wish now that I had selected a size longer than 16 inches in order to have a more gradual incline. I use a power wheelchair with plenty of power but have found that the chair's direction becomes a little unstable when it reaches the top of the ramp due to the slope, necessitating careful maneuvering to continue in a straight line into the house. It was easy to install, however, with the included mounting screws and seems sturdy and durable
Great price on this unit.  Saw the same one locally for $159.00 and not the color wood I needed.  Followed directions and works great.  The package was new and item was as advertised "NIB".  Amazon must have gotten a buy on this wood color as it is cheaper than same units with --- different wood
I actually had put this on my daughter's wish list and then broke down and bought it myself for her because I just couldn't wait to see if she'd get it for her 1st birthday.  I always take tubbies with my daughter so I like to have fun toys in the tubby that I enjoy too.  My daughter loves her out-of-water xylophone and thinks this one is pretty neat too - I have to admit I play with it more than she does at this point.  She's only 9-1/2 months right now so I think as she gets a bit older she'll enjoy it more.  My only complaint, and the reason I didn't give it 5 stars, it should come with more play sheets and they are NOT waterproof.  Other than that, a fun toy.  After I got this, I did find it at Target for the same price it's listed here with no s&h charges but still don't regret getting it. 
The product is as described and I'm sure for some ladies the product would be great.  However, for whatever reason, the stretch lace bodice was irritating to my skin and, the material was more see-thru than I desired.  The product is well made with no defects
"Midway" was the decisive naval engagement of the Second World War -- decided by a handful of bombs hitting the Japanese carriers over a period of a few minutes.  It is a riveting story that has been well told in several movies and innumerable books.   ---  --- Not here.  Relying upon outtakes from "Tora Tora Tora" (and the wonderful Japanese cast of that film) what we have here is a pedestrian outing that should be avoided at all costs.  Quite honestly?  The best version of the battle of Midway was Steven Spielberg's original "Star Wars" (before it had Roman numberals _
Totally impractical - this model smartphone is already fairly bulky - this just makes it as lot more so.  Even worse, you cannot attach it to your belt or pocket because there are no clips and /or loops in the design !
I bought this hairdryer and it worked really well for one week, but then it just DIED on me. ONE WEEK
I installed this software after getting it free after rebates, and I must say I am not the least bit impressed. It claims to speed up your system, but instead only slows it down. Seems like it would be because it was bugging down my computer, but it's relatively new and has a gig of memory. As another reviewer mentioned, my internet stopped working correctly (although the other computers on my network without this program worked just fine with internet!) and my system restore just wouldn't work. It deleted a lot of entries I needed to run my system correctly. ---  --- The anti-spyware was an absolute joke & the updates were large files almost every day. 8 MB a day practically. ---  --- On a lighter note, Fix-It Utilities found a virus other programs were unable to find. ---  --- I use Zone Alarm Security Suite and then use CCleaner to take care of the rest. I think they're the best combination. No program beats Zone Alarm's. Fast, secure, and won't bug down your computer. I had to reinstall my operating system thanks to Fix-It Utilities
I will never purchase another Neutrogena product, again.  There products are dangerous!!!  It burned my face.  My face is all red, swollen, red, irritated, and itchy.  My new best friend is Cortizone 10, the anti itch cream.  It's been a week since I stopped using Netrogena, and I still look horrifying!!!!  Perfect for Halloween, right?  But, Halloween is over, and I still look scary.  This product has aged me!!!  It has caused a ton of wrinkles from where the skin is puffy and swollen.  NEVER, AGAIN, NEUTROGENA!!!
Easy to read, compact and gives tons of information...direction (digital compass), time, temperature, ice warner, calendar automatically calibrates....what more can I want?! It's great, it's handy and I love it
This book is for the diehard Dave Navarro fans only. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was that the use of  instamatic photos in the book is creative. The text is nothing more than diary entries by the guitarist. Neil Straus approached writing The Dirt with Motley Crue is a much more creative way which kept me interested. This book  falls short unless I would have been inclined to want to see things Dave's way. I grew restless of this pretty quickly
This item was purchased for Casio Exilim 8 megapixel camera. The quality of this item is strong and durable. The camera is small any ways to take with you anywhere by putting it in your pocket. However, to protect the camera, this case provides outstanding protection and is still small and compact to take it with you anywhere
This CD/DVD holder is sturdy and stylish.  I needed something to look nice, but hold my stuff, and those wallet-type options weren't really cutting it for me.   ---  --- I had also purchased something similiar (not Case Logic) from another store and was unimpressed by how flimsy it was. ---  --- I now have 4 or 5 of these and they look great all lined up.  I plan on getting more as needed.  When they get full, it still stays sturdy and fits in the holder (the other one I purchased ballooned out and had to be forced to get it in). ---  --- The only con I can think of is the price.  For me, it's worth it, but that may not be the case for you if there are budget constraints
Happy with the purchase, the watch was what I expected.  Casual enough to wear to work or for a night ou on the town.
I bought the trailer to take my granddaughter with me when I rode on vacation When I assembled the trailer, the chain was twisted.  I bought a chain tool to break the chain and straighten it.   ---  --- Then the chain kept falling off the front chainwheel.  The sprocket was badly bent.  I bought a large screwdriver to straighten the chainwheel.  By the time I got it all working, my vacation was over.   ---  --- By the time I see my granddaughter again, she'll have her own bike.  I'm going to try to find someone with a small child to give the trailer to
This Mabis Steam Inhaler REALLY puts out the steam! --- I am very satisfied and would heartily reccommend this item to anyone looking for a steam inhaler
Tihs DVD truly has incredible camerawork, and fully illustrates the intelligence and beauty of dolphins, but some things people don't realize about dolphins kept in captivity need to be told.  PLEASE take the time to read this. ---  --- Many dolphins you see in aquariums and swim-with programs and circuses around the world often come from brutal drive hunts, during which dolphins are rounded up into very tight nets concealing them, and are dragged ashore making it easier to violently wrestle them into slings.  These dolphins captured, while they may be smiling in appearance (which is the way their faces were genetically designed), are ripped away from their beloved podmates and torn from their environment.  How would you like to be a dolphin who once lived in a vast sea of blue and then suddenly be taken into a shallow pool of water, forced to live with the loud sounds of people screaming, the filtration system running, and very little space to swim? --- In the process of capturing dolphins for human entertainment, many die in the process.  Stress severely affects a dolphin's body, and many suffer irreperable damage to their hearts in the execution.  On top of that, dependent calves (baby dolphins) who have spent the entirety of their lives with their mothers, often get torn from them, leaving them helpless, even if they are released.   ---  --- While you can clearly see in the film that many of the dolphins appear to be having fun, would it not be too much to consider the fact that they might miss their former companions?  Are they really happier stuck in a cement tank forced to perform tricks in order to be fed?  Keep this in mind the next time you visit an aquarium or swim-with program.  For dolphins captured in Japan, the industry has been given permits to slaughter a number of them needlessly in the process by the government. ---  --- I believe this film spends too little time in the beginning addressing the human threat to dolphins.  Over 7,000,000 dolphins have died at the hands of humans since the late 1950s.  I think a few minutes at the beginning of the film doesn't nearly suit the need to inform the audience of the issue.  Tuna fisheries, whose products are falsely labeled as "dolphin-safe" (there are established 'KILL MINIMUMS' now for tuna companies) need to be exposed.  Intentional killings in Japan (especially), South America, and all over the world need to be publicized.  But I also understand that this is a family film, mainly, but I think it is also important to inform young viewers of the problems dolphins face with humans.  They are the ones who will need to make the difference in the future. ---  --- Please just remember this next time you watch this film.  While dolphins are valued by many, they are targeted by many as well as a way of easy money-making. ---  --- This film is more of a sugar-coated production, although it certainly is beautiful, as are the dolphins seen in the flim.  I would recommend a film entitled "Dolphin Defender" for those who seek some informative footage behind the scenes to what really happens to dolphins in drive hunts. ---  ---  --- 
This is honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I love the first one but this one is just lame
I agree with nearly everyone's reviews, so I wont go over it again, but... --- The physics of the game is incredible! I shot an ogre on top of a hill, and the dead body rolled ALL THE WAY to the bottom of the hill!  ---  --- Some advice--pay attention to your compass and journal and you'll never get lost completing quests, finding a particular town, finding a particular person, etc.  ---  --- One spoiler--immediately starting the game, go through the first few steps of the main quest. You will be sent to a monastary that will supply your low-level character with free equipment and a free horse! ---  --- Also, the official website has downloadable mods for sale for $0.99, $1.99, etc per mod. Buy those!  ---  --- It is as close to a perfect game as you can get(and only one patch has come out so far!
I purchased 2 for my son and husband. Both rumble and work perfectly with the racing games such as Need for Speed Underground 2, Nascar 2003 and 2004. Some of the early games cannot be used, but they still love it. The wheels actually feel like you are in a race car with realistic resistance. I recommend this item
 I'm playing a Lee Oskar right now. Love it....O Yea! I play nothing else. Hohner is good, but give me an LO any day. They are so airtight, and sound so sweet.
I installed Adobe 8.0 at the request of a client in order to view secure docments on-line.  Two serious problems were caused by this: 1) Window 2000 Outlook runing under XP would crash after the Adobe reader was launched. Closing the reader and restarting Outlook would not always fix the problem. Often the computer would require a cold re-boot.  --- 2). More serious, Adobe 8 installation corrupted my Agilent Technologies Genesys 8 and later (Eagleware) RF simulation software tools.  This resulted in the Genesys simulator to fail to find the authentication file.  Because the correlation between installing Adobe was not apparent considerable amount of time was lost on this project.  Adobe also causes problems with OrCAD 15 license server. ---  --- I have currently un-installed Adobe 8 had to re-install and patch previously installed Microsoft and enginnering software tools.
why is it that 3rd party memory cards can store at least double the information that these can? These memory cards are way over priced.  ---  --- I love PS2. It's one of the best systems I have ever played and owned, but this memory card stuff is a scam. I already own 2 cards and I need more.
I've had it for several weeks now and it seems like a great camera.  I am still learning new features. I would highly recommend it
My little brother received this toy as a present, and constantly had problems just keeping the toy together. He barely had any fun with it, since it fell apart most of the time. My brother is generally good with toys, and he has fun with practically anything, but this toy proved to be the exception. You could buy something much more fun for the same amount of money
This is not the best way to get started in astronomy.  ---  --- The low power eyepiece is fairly useful, the higher power one less so, and don't even think of using the barlow.  The maximum useful magnification for a 60mm scope is about 120-140x, assuming the objective lens is of good quality. When you use the middle and high magnifications provided with this scope, you exceed that limit and the increased image size is more than offset by breakdown.   ---  --- To their credit, the manufacturer has provided a reflex "red dot" finder in place of the useless 5x24 finders that plague so many similar scopes.   ---  --- Even so, what you can expect to see in this scope is rather limited.  Some star clusters will be dimly visible, but galaxies and nebulae will be barely--if at all--visible.  ---  --- In a way, it is hard to fault Celestron for making and marketing this scope.  Their upper-tier instruments are quite good, but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this.  In one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models.  Just make sure, gentle reader, to stay away from the toys. ---  --- Using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an MP3 file and but rather like playing a guitar. It is a learned skill. And you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope. Buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving. If you want to see the wonders of the sky, contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties. The members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started. The best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars (decent ones are available on Amazon), then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm (6-8") Dobsonian; Celestron's own 6" Starhopper can be found on Amazon for under $290. ---  --- For more information on buying telescopes, see my encyclopedic guide on Amazon: "So you want to buy a telescope.
He's been in the rock business a long time, serving as chief editor/founder of BAR, Bible Review and Archaeology Odyssey; he is also president of Biblical Archaeology Society among many other ventures.  I've read his Understanding the Dead Sea Scrolls which he mainly edited, although he wrote a few articles himself.  This is a magazine of substance, one I would love to have a subscription to.  The issue of July/August 2004 has an interesting article/interview that Mr. Shanks orchestrated between Elie Wiesel and Frank Moore Cross, the subject being how they understood, approached, studied the Bible, from their perspective, which their lifes' work ultimately revolves around.  One, F.M. Cross, comes from a Presbyterian, academic background, the other, Wiesel, a jewish one.  Frank Moore Cross contributed several articles to Understanding the Dead Sea Scrolls.  He was the only protestant to work on the scrolls among the original team of 7 other people, six of whom were Catholic clerics; he is an expert in this field.  And I just love Wiesel's mind, I love how he writes and thinks.  That one article, I think is really illuminating, showing how rich in teaching the Bible is regardless of its many detractors, or fumbling misinterpreters.  It is, as I've been taught in sunday school, G-d breathed, it's G-d's words, it is a living text even if it contains mostly stories of people long since dead and gone.  Elie Wiesel says of it: " Wherever you open it, any page, you know that you are in the presence of something that exists nowhere else."  The moral of the article is neither approach, Wiesel's or Cross', toward scripture is wrong, it just simply reflects the richness, the variety of the text
Good socks. , nice material. but on the second day of using them one sock had a tiny hole in it. They are knee high and stay up, provide good warmth in the cold weather
Were scenes added to the DVD.  If yes, what scenes?  For example, did Dave ever talk to Katarina after she slapped him, in the original release
If you're considering the ViaMichelin (under $200 GPS), you're probably trying to decide if a GPS that is more than $100 cheaper (much more than $100 in some cases) than its competitors is really any good. Honestly, I would have been skeptical too, however, a relative bought one of these units, and that gave me a chance to get their feedback before I decided to purchase one myself. ---  --- My brief summary is that Yes, this unit is a good GPS and a great value. After using mine on a trip, I'd have a hard time justifying the more expensive models when this one works fine. ---  --- Background: my GPS experience is limited to a 7-year old Garmin III Plus. I had to plan detailed trips on my PC using Mapsource, then upload the waypoints and routes to the GPS. It could be a time consuming process, and because the unit wasn't necessarily user friendly, my wife never learned how to use it. ---  --- Enter the ViaMichelin. We just went on a weekend trip and had a chance to test the unit. Set-up time for the trip was about a minute - all I had to do was program in the street address of our destination. ---  --- Now for the rundown. ---  --- First - what it doesn't do well. --- a) Using it for the past two weeks (as a test only) around my home town, I was a little disappointed.  It never sent me the wrong way, but it didn't always take the best route.  Some of the routing issues were because of very new road construction in the area; and in some cases old "logging" roads are still in the database where new subdivisions have been built; and it may not calculate what my experience dictates to be the better route. Although this was disconcerting at first, I don't think it is a big deal as you'll see later. --- b) Macro-directions - i.e. for a several hundred mile trip. It will get you there, and if you're taking a route that involves some smaller roads between towns, this would be a good device if you aren't familiar with the route. But my route this weekend was very simple. Get to the interstate and drive. It didn't pick my preferred route to the interstate, and it wanted to route me through a city before putting me on the interstate when you can take a four-lane road for 4 miles to another connection to the interstate. (Although it did recover and finally suggest my route as I stubbornly drove "my way.") So, for a major trip, I'd recommend an internet mapping package for the primary route.  Use this device if you have a lot of mind-numbing turn-by-turn. ---  --- Now, what it does well: --- a) voice prompts are great. It doesn't matter that it doesn't say the street names. Turn right in 300 feet is good enough - especially with the map that you can glance at. --- b) It did great around my destination towns of Charlotte, NC; Gastonia, NC, and Rock Hill, SC.  Did it take the best route as I drove from soccer fields, to hotels, to restaurants?  I don't know since I wasn't familiar with the areas, but the routes seems to be just fine, they got me exactly where I needed to go, and I never had to look at a road map.  And after all, this was the main reason I needed a newer GPS. It passed this with flying colors. --- c) My wife did some of the set-up while in the car. She'll be using this one on her on very soon. --- d) We wanted to find a particular restaurant, but didn't have the street address. The restaurant was in the Points of Interest database, and it took us right to it. Also, finding rest stops or nearby dining while traveling on the interstate was great. ---  --- I also found a feature that was not listed in the 89-page manual.  From the navigation map, if you touch the screen, it has a "bypass route" option. It will give you some distant options (1 mi, 5 mi, etc.) then it will find a bypass route for you. So, if you are approaching road construction or a traffic jam, this will route you off the interstate, take you up the road and bring you back on.  Obviously you could just turn off the interstate and start driving, but then it's going to try to turn you around and/or try to get you back on sooner than you prefer.  The bypass route lets you see where it is taking you by zooming out. ---  --- In the future, I would like to do a side-by-side comparison w/ a more expensive (borrowed) GPS. Also, after more experience, I'd like to update this review. ---  --- Bottom line: I am glad I bought this unit. I cannot imagine spending $100-$500 more on a more expensive model. Though the higher priced models may have better features, the value for the extra money just isn't there for me
I bought these for my sister for Christmas and she absolutlely loved them
Used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids... kids will be kids... but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push. Easy to mount and easy to use
Why do I call this film the best Jayne Mansfield movie?.Well,it is the largest-budget film she ever appeared in + The Film was HERS.The Studio had paid quite a bundle for that play,that basically put Ms. Mansfield on the map.Even 'The Girl Can't help it'(also a great movie),was padded (no pun intended Jaynie!) with rock'n roll numbers,because the Studio was scared that Jayne  could not carry the film alone(Were they ever wrong !). --- To get back to Rock Hunter,the person that did the switch from the movie-satire to television-satire,did an excellent adaptation job.Tony Randall is fine  as the ordinary-all-American-Joe.Betsy Drake is also good,in her plainesss(about a zillion women must have been able to relate to her).Joan Blondell is FANTASTIC,reminiscing about her milkman !. --- Something that I have not read in the reviews are all the VERY obvious cheap-shots at Marilyn:1-about being a Communist(at the same time that MM had problems with Miller as they were travelling to England for 'The Prince and the Showgirl'.2-about the Brother Karamazov(MM wanted that role badly).We can easily understand why Monroe disliked Mansfield so much. --- Jayne never looked better;after all she was then on TOP OF THE WORLD !,and could have stayed there a little longer if she had not decided to get married to Mr.Universe 1955,basically telling the heads of the Studios to go to hell.That was one wrong move,because after this film,her career went nowhere fast,and it went down,down,way down... --- It is a shame.God only knows what other gems she could have appeared in. --- In conclusion,I find that this film gives us an idea of what Jayne's real life was about.Oh yes,and before I forget! That scene when she gets off the plane ?.Well the Master himself,and I am naming Federico Fellini was HEAVILY inspired by it in 'La Dolce Vita',four years later with Sweden's answer to Jayne ...ANITA EKBERG,when she gets off the plane herself.The EXACT same scene,but Mansfield did it first,and a big BRAVO to you Jayne the EPITOME of Hollywood Fifties 
Not only is the 90's Game fun and enjoyable to play, but the questions and answers bring back lasting memories of movies, sports, TV shows and meaningful events from the decade.  Correctly answering questions by relating them to personal memories and experiences allows all players to relive their experiences from the 90's.  Whether you were a student, young adult or parent during the 90's, this game is sure to invoke sentimental feelings.  I highly recommend it for groups of friends and families
I have been planting flowers from seed in my home for almost 5 years now.  Last year I had over 1400 seedlings on multi-level shelves under flourescent and natural light in my dining room. (Boy do I need a greenhouse!)  So this book was not a lot of new information to me.  A lot of what is listed can be found on the back of a seed packet, but it's not practical to sit on the floor of my favorite garden supply store and read every seed package for suggestions before I buy it.  (This is important, because I'm not interested in refrigerating my seeds 3 weeks before I plant them or doing other such preparations required for some seeds.) One major thing missing from this book was photography.  There were drawings, but I'm sorry to say that they were mostly a way of breaking up the monotony of the text rather than a reference tool.  On the good side, this book did an excellent job of providing the proper germination environment, and each plant had a quick reference in a shaded box that listed the type of plant (annual, perennial, etc), its hardiness zone, and its flowering season.  This allowed me to quickly eliminate the plants that were inappropriate for my zone.  The regular index wasn't very useful, but one wonderful addition was an index of the common & latin names.  I refer to this when looking at some of my books that include the full color photography I was missing.  (Almost makes up for it....almost!) Of course, there is the standard hardiness zone map, but they also added a map each for the probable first and last frost dates.  (Nice!)  Also included was a directory of seed companies and their addresses.  All in all, this book does a good job of covering the seed part, but a poor job of covering the bloom part
This fragrance takes you on holiday to a place you may never have been.  It is a warm environment, smelling of salt water and warm skin. There is a tang in the air of citrus, maybe grapefruit.  This blend is absolutely delicious, inspring a hunger for more. I simply can't get enough of Un Jardin en Mediterranee.  ---  --- The Eau de Toilette is very light and subtle.  Fresh but not girly. Tangy, not sweet. This fragrance is for women who understand the allure of salt and warm skin.  ---  ---  --- I purchased this fragrance 3 weeks ago and have worn nothing else since; it will remain one of the four or five fragrances I wear.  I look forward to when the line expands to include body cremes or lotions, or bath products
Dreadful - even the actors looked embarrassed. The only part worth seeing was the swearing autoteller. Other directors of dogs like this have the sense to save themselves shame by hiding behind the Alan Smithee psuedonym - what a pity Mr. King didn't. Just awful
This is a top quality item. I is an 80%/20% cotton/poly mix-double stitched seams...very well made. I bought a 2X for my son who ususally wears a 3X, and after putting it through the washer and dryer twice, it's just as perfect as the day it was delivered.
This is the 4th worse song to be put out in 2006. Seriously, this is awful. Very juvenile and materialistic. This guy and his rented chains need to disapear. What a waste
This was exactly what I was looking for to complete my little set
  Every gigging musician knows that when something as petty as a Mic Clip gets broken, it is more than a little annoying.  I have this as my spare and think it works just fine
I live in germany and my friend bring me the AutoDry to germany.I washed my black Tahoe in the sun..and IT WORKS!! GREAT!! But, you need a good water pressure, that the water is strong enough to wash the hard dirt away. --- Regards from Germany --- Tobia
I wouldn't buy this unless it's an emergency, because it's one of those chargers that reports errors, and makes your phone start beeping non-stop when it's done charging.  I don't want this because I like charging at night, the other chargers don't do this (I guess what it does is it starts fluctuating power from the wall, like switching off, when the battery is fully charged..so it beeps as if it's being plugged in over and over). ---  --- When I first got it, I was trying to carefully plug it into my phone--and I didn't want to damage the little metal things inside my phone OR on the charger.  It wasn't going in smoothly and it didn't match up or seem to fit inside at ALL.  So I went a day without a phone and I did more research to see why the heck they'd lie that it fit my phone.  Finally I got fed up because I couldn't find another charger ANYWHERE where I live and I tried forcing it. ---  --- FINALLY it fit!  But I had to shove it in.. who knows if it was damaging my phone.  But it was charging so I was happy (my cell is my only phone.. so I was cut off from the world).  Then I tried getting it out and couldn't figure it out!  I had to jimmy it off, and broke off one of the side hooks that helps it secure itself.  I was able to put it back on, and finally learned a routine so to speak, for taking it off, but it's cheap.  It's very cheap. ---  --- So, the charger works, but it's very hard to use and it isn't convenient at all.  I don't recommend it unless it's an emergency.  For me, it was
  Some scenes are repeated from the first. It is not that bad thats all I can say. ---   I think I over rated it with 2 stars too many
I seen this movie, don't buy it!!! It's not worth anything. I have it on VHS, Boring action. Purchase the other three Home Alones, they're the best than this movie!!
I purchased this to monitor my attic and crawl space temperature prior to installation of additional attic ventilation vents and insulation.  3-channel readings are accurate to within 0.5 deg F.  Sometimes, we lose the signal, but it reacquires it relatively easily.  Min/max temperature memory is a nice feature
This film is treated something like the lost child in the canon of director Woody Allen's career.  As if he would have to apologize for this instead of, say, "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion".  What Allen attempted here in his directorial debut is groundbreaking.  This is the first example I can recall of a director telling his film in mock-documentary style, later employed by Albert Brooks and perfected by Christopher Guest.  Allen proves himself to be not only a great comic visualist but there are great verbal puns here as well.  The conceit of the film is a gas.  We're supposed to believe that Allen's Virgil Starkwell, an inept dweeb of a criminal, if not among the FBI's most wanted does cause Mr. Hoover some sleepless nights.  The gags here are rapidfire but I wouldn't spoil it for those who are uninitiated.  My favorite being,though, is Virgil orchestrating a prison break with a gun he's fashioned out of soap during a rainstorm.  All this failed effort leaves him with is a hand full of soap lather.  Also, noteworthy in the cast is the late Janet Margolin as Virgil's faithful wife.  Margolin basically plays straight woman to Allen but it's a shame this gifted actress who was so good in "David and Lisa" didn't have a more substantial film career
Beyond Paradise is a wonderful, flirty, floral scent that isn't too overpowering. I recommend wearing it whenever you want to feel extra feminine
Doesn't tell you how to get anywhere when used with a GPS...simply shows you where you are.  Nothing more than a glorified paper map.  A complete embarassment
I have this for a month now. It has two pices joined by rubber which reduces the shock. In addition you might want to attach that rubber shock absorber which you can get under $5 in a sports store. ---  --- Pretty happy with it
I love this product.  The earbuds were even better than I had expected.  I wanted something small that wouldn't hurt my ears and I wanted a long cord and that is just what I got. I am very happy with the product and the service. --- Thank yo
My mom was a subscriber to Newsweek for years, and I'd flip through her copies.  Most of the material is friendly towards the powers that be (although, not friendly enough according to the review by the soldier who thinks the editors should be in jail.  So much for "protecting our freedoms").  Anyway, since Newsweek is beholden to Big Business advertisements, it won't do much to rock the boat that our corporate mafia owns. --- If people are interested in more honest, more critical views of the political and economic system that is causing so much devastation in the world (the neoliberalism of the US empire and other wealthy nations), then I'd recommend Z magazine.  I'll never forget finding my mom on the floor devouring it's articles on a range of issues the corporate media marginalize.  Z also publishes articles and interviews with the most-cited living author on the planet, Noam Chomsky (another figure I'm sure the US soldier thinks should be in jail.  Although, Chomsky recently spoke at West Point.  So, even the military is waking up to the hard truths he brings).
Back in the 1980s, back before every television show was "CSI: City Of Your Choice" and "Law & Order: Crime Division of Your Choice," there was a veritable plethora of well-written, clever, hour-long mystery programmes - "Magnum P.I.," "Murder, She Wrote," "Moonlighting," "Hart to Hart," "The A-Team," to name just a few.  And this was when most people still only had three commercial networks to choose from (not counting PBS).  But far and away, the best of these mystery shows (and perhaps the most under-rated) was "Remington Steele," in which Pierce Brosnan (with second billing!) and Stephanie Zimbalist fought crime with style, dash, wit, comedy, and a bit of romance.  The series, with its rat-a-tat dialogue, vaguely Deco feel (a slight Deco revival was the only good thing about `80s dï¿½cor), and occasional zaniness, at times harkens back to the wonderful Preston Sturges-esque screwball comedies of the 1930s and `40s.  Indeed, it's clear from the moment that Brosnan appears on the screen in episode one of season one that not only did he have the star power of Classic Hollywood, but he was a Cary Grant for our times; devastatingly handsome in dapper Saville Row suits with an accent as charming and distinctive as Grant's.  (As an aside, it's also clear that Brosnan was born to play James Bond - truly, who was surprised that he was bestowed with the honor, albeit belatedly?  We won't get into the infamous Season Five vs. Bond debacle.)  ---  --- In the entertainment field, there are actors-with-a-lowercase-"a" (pretty much everyone falls into this category nowadays), Actors-with-a-capital-"A" (truly impressive sorts, such as Judi Dench, Vanessa Redgrave, and Anthony Hopkins), and then there are Stars.  Brosnan is clearly the lattermost, bright and luminous.  Zimbalist, as sleuth Laura Holt, is spunky, and makes a valiant attempt to be Rosalind Russell to Brosnan's Grant, but, somehow, she falls slightly flat.  Nevertheless, there's no denying the chemistry between the two, which is what really "makes" the show.  (This is particularly remarkable considering that the two notoriously didn't get along whilst filming the series.) ---  --- References to Classic Hollywood are constant, and amusing - Remington Steele, the (sort of) reformed con-man-with-a-heart-of-gold has an encyclopedic knowledge of film, and often inadvertently stumbles across the solution to the weekly puzzle by drawing a comparison to a classic film.  ("Joseph Cotton, Orson Wells, `The Third Man,' British Lion Film Corporation, 1949." is a particular favorite throughout the run of the series, as are Cary Grant films and, ironically, the occasional Bond reference.)  The show was scored by the wonderful Henry Mancini, he of "Charade" (A Grant reference, yet again!), "The Pink Panther," and "Breakfast at Tiffany's" fame (among many others), which of course, adds to the caper/romantic feel of the show.  (By the way, I'll take the somewhat chaste clinches of Remington and Laura over the sordidness of "Sex and the City" to daydream about any day of the week!) ---  --- I'm so pleased that Remington Steele has been released on DVD.  I was seven years old when it debuted, and thoroughly enjoyed it at the time (I was a sophisticated child).  But I hadn't seen it since, and once again, have found myself charmed by each and every episode.  For those who are too young to remember the series, check it out - it's much more worthwhile than anything on the air now, and for those of you who *do* remember it, revisit.  It's worth your time and money.
 This treatment works extremely well!  I looked on here and saw that there were no extrememly helpful reviews, so I decided to write one. I have long, golden, untreated hair. However it was as dry as straw so I decided to try this. Here how it is: the smell is amazing (it smells like pumpkin pie or gingerbread cookies) after use the hair looks soft and shiny, however it makes hair flat. This product is a deep moisturizer therefore the hair does not have any "pouf" to it. It is still worth the money though! Rehydration of the hair is supremely important and this rehydrates well. Just after shampooing do not use a conditioner (unless that just doesn't work well for you), which helps the flatness.  ---  --- A few helpful tips: --- 1. This goes on DRY hair --- 2. After putting lots of this treatment on, try putting a bag over your hair and keeping it shut with a clip. The heat that your head produces allows the hair cuticles to open and fully absorb the treatment. This works 2Xs better than Lush's intstructions (my mother is a hairstylist). --- 3. Leave the bag tight around your head for 20 to 40 minutes --- 4. Afterwards shampoo like normal, but I still recommend not using a conditioner for that day. ---  --- Hopefully this helps anyone with questions. This really is an amazing product and should be used about twice a month (more if you'd like but that's probably not necessary). Enjoy your beatiful shiny hair!
This was the first Roberts novel I read.  Words cannot describe how much I enjoyed it.  I've read and/or listened to 50 since.  You can't go wrong.  Her storys are original, her characters are strong and well developed. 
Star Wars Trivial Pursuit Saga Edition (2005.) ---  --- INTRODUCTION: --- Despite having been around since the middle of the seventies, the Star Wars series has never declined in its popularity. George Lucas created a science fiction phenomenon that has stood the test of time, and then some. And needless to say, many games have been based on the series - video games, role-playing games, and no shortage of board games have been adapted for the Star Wars universe. In 1998, Star Wars Trivial Pursuit was released. Being a die-hard fan of the series, it was by far my favorite (non video game) Star Wars game ever. Unfortunately, it outdated fast, due to the fact that it didn't cover the prequel trilogy it was immediately followed by. But in 2005, seven years and three Star Wars episodes later, a new version of the game has hit store shelves! Read on for my review of the new version of Star Wars Trivial Pursuit. ---  --- OVERVIEW: --- Quite honestly, who doesn't know what Trivial Pursuit is? Well, for those of you who have been living under a rock all your life, here's the concept behind the game. Players alternate rolling a die and moving their game token across a wheel-shaped board. There are six different-colored spaces. Each color represents a different category. The player is then asked a question of that category. If he or she gets it right, he or she goes again. If he or she misses it, it's the next player's turn. At six spots on the board are wedge spaces. The objective of the game is to gain a wedge in all six colors and return to the central hub of the wheel, and answer a game-winning question. Some changes for this edition of the game are, rather obviously, the questions and overall game design being Star Wars based, and two DVDs, which contain the wedge and game-winning questions. A new concept to the game includes a player being able to "steal" if another player is unable to answer the wedge question, in the last few seconds of time. Essentially, the game play stays play to the classic stylings of Trivial Pursuit, but gives it a Star Wars overhaul. In other words, this game is exactly what it says it is. ---  --- REVIEW: --- The original Star Wars Trivial Pursuit was, without question, my favorite Star Wars game of all time that wasn't a video game. This new version is a MASSIVE improvement over the old version. For starters, the new version covers the ENTIRE Star Wars film saga. The classic Galactic Civil War trilogy (Episodes IV, V and VI) AND the prequel Clone Wars trilogy (Episodes I, II, and III) all get equal emphasis. If you hated the original version for not covering the prequel trilogy, that problem has, obviously, been corrected, and in a major way. The DVDs also add a nice new twist to the game. It's good to finally have a method of setting the wedge questions apart from regular questions. And, of course, you can do anywhere from two to four players or teams. I do have a few minor complaints, though. First of all is the selection of the tokens of characters you can play as. The original version had Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, Han Solo, and Darth Vader. In other words, a nice assortment of main characters. The new version has Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Yoda. In other words, ONLY JEDI CHARACTERS. This is strictly a cosmetic flaw, but still, I think they could have picked a better assortment of characters than those four. Another complaint is the inclusion of a die. For those of you who never played the original version of the game, it included an electronic R2D2 figurine which would tell you how many spaces to move when you tapped its head, via an LCD screen. I liked that better than rolling a die because it helped to give the game a unique Star Wars feel that playing with a die just doesn't have. Another problem is the price of the game - I've seen it everywhere from $45 to $60! Even at the lowest MSRP, it's still a rip off. One of the biggest problems is one of the most obvious - if you're not a die-hard Star Wars fan, you will not get very far in this game. My last and biggest complaint is with the questions themselves - like the original game, they are HORRIBLY imbalanced. Some questions are so simple, a casual fan could answer them easily. Some are so difficult, even die-hards will have trouble with them. This brings me to my complaint about the DVD questions. Not only are these questions really no more difficult than the card questions, but as time ticks down, the questions become EASIER! This makes it ridiculously easy for another player to "steal" the wedge if the question receiver is unable to answer. If I were designing the game, I'd straighten up these flaws. But I'm not, and overall, I am very satisfied with it.  ---  --- EDITION NOTES: --- This game is a fairly recent release, and it remains readily available at most major stores that sell board-style games and movie merchandise. If you want the game, it shouldn't be too hard - just be ready to pay a fairly high price for it. ---  --- OVERALL: --- Despite some minor issues, this new version of Star Wars Trivial Pursuit is a leaps-and-bounds improvement over the original game. If you're a huge fan of the series who thinks your knowledge of the series is supreme, don't hesitate to buy this game. There have been many Star Wars trivia games/books/etc. over the years, but Star Wars Trivial Pursuit is the ultimate Star Wars trivia experience. No fan should pass this game up
I was very disapointed with this book. It's a large volume of just opinions. The profile is somewhat useful, about 20 pages of good stuff, but the rest could be trashed
TIME has long been increasingly superficial in its news coverage, and recent years have only accelerated this trend.  In the 60s and 70s, it was a somewhat serious magazine with a centrist bend (originally it was considered quite conservative), but as the years go by it's degenerated into more and more pop-culture fluff with little substance. ---  --- As for its being part of the "liberal" media, this is inaccurate.  Recent coverage of the (2004) election has attempted to reduce the Democratic candidate to the status of a non-person.  The first debate between John Kerry and George W. Bush was not even covered, except for one very brief article listing a few "fact check" points.  Instead, the cover story wa about new products and movies, a kind of Sharper Image catalog Lite. ---  --- TIME also gave no coverage whatsoever to the election in Afghanistan.  It was mentioned in passing in another article about the U.S. election, but I would imagine that conservatives would object to the magazine's ignoring a signficant world event that George W. Bush has pointed to as one of his accomplishments in office. ---  --- In my view neither candidate received adequate and fair treatment.  The bias seems to be in favor of Mr. Bush, but it's still mostly bland and superficial.  Your money is better spent on the British magazine "The Economist" which is far more substantive.  While its editorial viewpoint is conservative, it's sound fiscal conservatism rather than the tent-revivalism that currently substitutes for conservatism in U.S. politics.  "The Economist" also provides a liberal viewpoint and is the closest I've found to a (dare I say it) fair-and-balanced approach to the news. ---  --- TIME can still be entertaining to read, but I wouldn't take what they say too seriously.  They tend to bend with the political wind
A lame group of angry teenagers screaming about themselves. Ironic lyrics like "Image of the Invisible" do not make them intellectual. This trash is not music. Get it off my radio! If only I could give 0 stars..
Reception is not that great with the stock rubber duck antenna and also the press to talk button and the channel changing buttons are way to close together making it awkward to use,would not buy again.
I've never seen a movie with a more accurate depiction of life in the USSR from late-40s to early-50s.  What people had to live with psychologically far outweighed anything physical for the average person.  Buy this film to understand
I've been using Streets & Trips for years. I'm a real estate broker and use it every day. great product. Not as up-to-date as yahoo maps but easier and faster to use, particularly the route planner, gps, live local links, etc
David Bowie always walked a thin line between commercially acceptable and just plain commercial.  This is the first time he fell off and became just plain commercial.  A disco-esque record, it's remembered more fondly than it was received by Bowie fans at the time.  It has some good moments, but overall the production is just too slick and there's a dearth of imagination on it - China Girl is an old Iggy Pop song, Cat People is just a newer version of a previous single and Criminal World is a cover of a song by Metro, meaning there's a grand total of five new songs on it. ---  --- China Girl proves a perfect foil for Bowie's melodramatic vocals, Cat People is still great even when smothered in too much production and Modern Love proves that you're (nearly) always gonna get at least one classic on a Bowie album. ---  --- Ironically, while it made him a global megastar, this record also marked the start of Bowie's alarmingly swift fall from grace.  If he'd stuck to the highly original work he'd churned out before this, he'd probably have had his moment in the sun anyway... and nobody could have accused him of selling out.  Now, what's that they say about hindsight
Do not buy this prouct because it is made of cheap quality and the attachable plastic combs are hard to attach and break very easily. The small parts that attach the combs also snapped off without applying much force. This product looks like a good value because of the number of accessories, but they will be useless when you throwing it out within only two months as I was forced to after all of the parts broke off. Save your money and avoid
I was waiting for CS2 after using the CS. There are too many problems in CS. And I am very happy with CS2 now. The software is a lot easier to use, less problems. I have been using illustrator since illustrator 4. CS2 is definitly better than ever!
Just from looking at the picture I can tell that this chair is made from Redwood and is constructed with "Mortice and Tennon" joints. A very solid method of construction. My only hesitation is that there are no measurements given. Plus, if the chair and chair back slats aren't thick enough they will be prone to spliting
Have used Taxcut for years and this version does not disappoint.  The import of previous year data worked well and my tax return was quickly prepared
This is a really nice little pendant/necklace.  The stones are not too small, not too big -- the pendant is about 1" long.  The bail is large enough to accommodate a nice chain (it comes with an 18" fine chain, but you might want to replace it with something a bit more substantial). ---  --- For the price, I was expecting something a lot "cheaper" looking.  I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of this. 
This product was a big disappointment for us. Our baby was always covered in sweat after sleeping on the polyster based sheet. He was most uncomfortable in his sleep and his back would be wet with sweat. Definetly not recommend this one
This bib does it all and there are no complaints whatsoever! I used to go through 8-10 bibs every few days, but now this is the only bib I use every day, all day! Easy to wash, catches everything so there is little mess on or around my child and it's easy on, easy off!
I already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers. The speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled. --- The mounts are solid, and can be oriented in any direction easily. I am about to by three more for my center, and two fronts. ---  --- I highly recommend
Maybe it's because I had never read the book and never heard of Hunter S. Thompson before this movie, but I found this movie to be unbearably boring and so utterly pointless! ---  --- At what point in the movie-making process while reading the script aloud, did they realize that this isn't a movie?  Or maybe that the book couldn't be made into a commercial movie? ---  --- The "story" if it can be called such, is apparently about a journalist and his fat hispanic friend (called his lawyer) who go to Las Vegas to write an article on some motorcycle race of some sort or something.  That's completely irrelevant, because probably 5-10 minutes is actually spent on that subject, with an additional 20 minutes at most devoted to the guy actually trying to accomplish the task. ---  --- The rest is just Johnny Depp as the main character rambling mindlessly about a variety of subjects, most of which deal with drugs, or drug-related things.  Others having nothing at all to do with anything.  They are quite literally taking every drug known to mankind, and the movie chronicles them taking drugs. ---  --- There are some scenes in which the duo are in their hotel room, where the "lawyer" freaks out in a bathtub and threatens to kill himself.  In other scenes, they are in the hotel club, or at a restaurant.  No matter where they are, they are always high on some drug, and Johnny Depp's character (Thompson himself based on his experience, under a fake name) is rambling or talking very very quickly and nonsensically. ---  --- There are cameos by minor celebrities, some of which are world famous today.  Gary Busey is on screen for all of three or four minutes as a highway sheriff who sexually harrasses JD's character.  Tobey Maguire is on even less as a hitchhiker who bails out of the car when he realizes the duo are stoned out of their mind and crazy. ---  --- The only moment in which I had a great laugh was in the beginning, where they are hallucinating that they are being attacked by bats as they drive down a desert highway.  When the "lawyer" stops to pick up the hitchhiker, JD's char says "We can't stop here!  This is bat country!".  That line and its delivery alone deserve the movie its one miserable star.  I expected better from Terry Gilliam. ---  --- If this movie was attempting to be shocking or pro- or anti-drug or stylish or artistic in some way, it is obviously only a most acquired taste, like a group of people who think consuming waste is an acquired taste.  There is no moral message here, nothing pro- or anti-drug, nothing shocking save that these two aren't dead by the third day from taking so many drugs, or stylish or artistic. ---  --- Not the worst movie ever, but definitely one of them.  I don't know what orifice people pull this "great movie" idea out of, but I'd like to examine that, and find out why
Unlike the other review, I can not recommend this at all.  The GPS regularly takes at least 10 minutes to find satellites (sometime longer), the Palm needs to be resynced (bluetooth) with the GPS at least once a month.  When it does work, its great though
According to other reviews, this radio compares favorably with others in its price class. ---  --- As a ham radio operator I can say I am very happy with the E5.  It is the best portable Broadcast band radio I have ever had. ---  --- It is the best portable Shortwave radio I have ever had. ---  --- I was particularly interested in SSB capability.  It works well. ---  ---  --- I called about the noisy power supply and they are sending me the improved replacement.  I use 2100 mah Nimh batteries which I charge externally.  I have two sets.  The radio works well with these. ---  --- I found that the internal antenna by itself, indoors, is not enough.  I used the included wire antenna with moderately good results.  But more convient is using the telescoping antenna.  This antenna works, according to the manual, for FM and SW only, but I found that extending it fully, is effective in all cases.  Ressults using this method were similar to the wire. ---  --- Holding the radio and using the headset may also improve reception. ---  --- Hams know that the antenna is a critical part of any receiver.  There are limits to what is possible in a package this size.  I have not tested it with a tuned outdoor antenna. ---  --- For what it is, this is a great tool.  It is a convient size and easy to program and use.  It more than meets my expectations. ---  --- [...
I can see how instructors would be enthusiastic about this book, but unfortunately it will in no way help the student develop their ear training. Here's the problem. The book and CD basically outlines a METHOD of ear training, it is not ear training itself. For example, for each step of the book there is one and only one example on the CD. It is just that, an example, not a training. So, there is one 14 note "lesson" on intervals and from this you are supposed to magically learn how to identify all the major intervals. I don't think so. However, if you were an instructor then you could use that example as a starting point to develop your own lessons and work with students in recognizing intervals. You could spend a month on variations of that lesson itself since that's the core of ear training. In fact, if you're an instructor you can use the whole book as a blueprint for a year long curriculum from recognizing intervals to recognizing chords.  ---  --- By the way, the CD itself mostly uses really dull organ patches. The idea may have been to eliminate timbre as a distraction. However, since one of the goals of ear training is to distinguish timbre from tone, this is another example of how this book/CD in itself won't be of much use to students.
  hi- it was impossible to use this product because the key  ---  --- they gave me didn't work. i  ---  --- might make a fisbee out of the dvd! ---  ---                                               jerr
was very happy when I opened the box. Better than in picture, but not a perfect match for the Table I got from amazon even if it's the same brand and almost perfect matching style, but they still go together nice. Bottom line the chairs are great
With a very good scenario and a fantastic Kris Kristofferson the film is slow, over male attitude, and finally  poorly made and boring
Overall, I'm very happy with this mat.  At first, I wasn't sure I was going to like the mat because it had an unpleasant smell but the smell disappeared within a week or two.  I also, initially, didn't like the fact that the mat was rolled so tightly that it wouldn't lay flat but I solved the problem the same way a previous reviewer did - just turned it over. 
I bought this when my daughter was 2 weeks old and it is simple to use and extremely helpful for sleep deprived mothers. With the touch of one button, I can keep track of how long it has been since I fed my baby. I don't use the sleep or diaper timers but this is worth it for the feeding timer alone. The first unit I was sent was defective and I received terrific customer service when I contacted the company. I am rating with 4 stars instead of 5 only because I'd like to be able to keep track of the daily total feedings as well. Maybe a future model
When the lead character acts like she's sleepwalking through the entire film, that's distracting! When just about anyone from my high school's drama class could do a much better job while brushing their teeth, then it's time to open up the wallet, and hire better talent. ---  --- Once you get past the special affects, all which use cheesy models, this godforsaken movie is boring as sin, or, should I say mud!  ---  --- Beside being preposterous, for example, the meteroid, or whatever, ONLY hits a dam in its first strike, this pitiful film is also delusional! Remember the scene where the head of FEMA risks his life to save someone who is obviously in danger of being wiped out by fire. As Hurricane Katrinia proves, there is no such thing as a bureaucratic, administrator hero! Instead, this movie comes off as a piece of not-so-subtle Federal government propaganda not worthy of a moment of your time
Good construction and material for the price.  Size seems a bit different in L vs. R unless I am more asymmetrical now than I noticed before?  Nice sheepskin material.  I am hoping this lasts longer than the previous moc I purchased by Acorn
I purchased this exact model and both clamps are METAL. ---  --- Maybe it was an issue and they have changed the material. ---  --- Seems very well designed and built. ---  --- Much better quality than the no-name brands I saw elsewhere
I wanted to give this CD as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie.  I listened to it first to make sure the quality was good. I was so surprised when all I heard was music and no words.  Although the music is nice, I know she would not be too impressed. We had seen the movie together and we loved Mr. Ray's song and wanted to know the words.  It's too bad that I'll have to return or sell it
In an email, Adorama specified that the filter diameter was, "28mm." On the amazon.com website is states that the same filter is a 55mm filter mounting! Either they don't know their products or they don't care about the customers. Now I have to return it because of faulty information they supplied. Please beware that their shipping charges equal approximately 25% of the purchase price - an amount I feel is beyond absurd. I can buy this locally for a lot less (even though I would have to pay sales tax). Buyer beware
I bought this item and had it shipped to a friend out of state.  It NEVER worked.  She replaced the batteries when it arrived, but that didn't help.  It was a complete waste of time and money
Actually, since a couple of the Yuen brothers did the choreography for this movie, it isn't really ripped off.  Corey Yuen Kwai did the action for 'Buddha Assassinator' and there is some sleeping style in this movie also, but I will get to the action in a minute.   ---  --- Stephen Chow plays the king of beggars.  Once a rich young man and great in kung fu, he gets cheated out of everything he should have had by a government official.  He is now forced to become a beggar with his father.   ---  --- The main problem is that the movie just doesn't flow together very well.  There is just too much beggar talk.  The story doesn't move along at all except at the start and end.  The rest is just mindless talking.   ---  --- This starts out like a kung fu movie, but when Chow becomes a beggar, that becomes the main focus of the story.  The action is very good when it does happen and I loved the sleeping style.  Sleeping style has been used in a few older movies and it was nice to finally see it in a newer one, but they could have used it more.  The undercranking is way too fast but the fights are still pretty good.   ---  --- 2.5/
I deal in major brand cameras and Panasonic cameras are my personal favorite! I've seen people whine about the "noise" they make many times but have never found it to be a problem. I own the FZ10 and the FX01 for my personal cameras. The FX01 is a very fast camera and takes great pics! I love the 28mm wide lens. Compared to most cameras I've used the FX01 does a real good job of metering the light and exposing the images.  ---  --- I love Panasonic's solid build and reliability. They may not be as popular as Canon or Sony but in my opinion are every bit as good. --- 
This battery does not fit the camera I purchased. The camera comes with a battery, so why did you try to sell me another one, one that does not fit, no less? I have returned the battery but have not heard back from you on the return. It has been two weeks
Bad enough that the toy is a scam that requires extra  parts.  But the surprise here is the complicity of Amazon in this misleading packaging.  This is probably why the product is unavailable suddenly and the battery charger nowhere to be found.  They know they made a mistake. If only they  would contact us each now for a full refund. ---     I wish a rep from Amazon could have spent the holiday week with my family as we searched from store to store for that charger.  I wish he could have spent an afternoon of watching my child stare at the toy he waited for. ..his "big" gift
I'm a black male and everytime I would shave normally I would get irritated skin and ingrown hairs. At first i'd feel a little itch throughout the day and by the end of the day I'd see these tiny little bumps with white heads (about 10-20 of them). That was  before. Now after I apply the product I don't have the itch nor do the tiny bumps come up anymore. It just feels like I never had any hair on my face in the first place. The only bad thing about this product is that it burns slightly but I don't really care I mean it's not like the product claims to be painless. 
A new documentary film that won the 2005 Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival now in nationwide release features a warning from this nation's 34th president about the unwarranted influence on U.S. foreign policy from the nation's numerous military contractors and is gaining praise from civil libertarians across the nation as that influence on world affairs is still obvious to all of us in today's times. ---  --- The film is called `Why We Fight,' a title the documentary filmmaker took from a series of World War 2 propaganda films made by Frank Capra.  It opens with the January 17, 1961 farewell address to the country by President Dwight Eisenhower who was about to turn over the keys to the White House to a young newcomer named John Kennedy.  ---  --- The remarks made by the outgoing chief executive from the Oval Office was the last talk to the nation by the one time five-star Army general before returning to private life.  What's interesting in the speech is the candor he exhibited about what he believed to be the growing cozy relationship between military suppliers and those politicians in Congress who liked to keep the constituents in their districts happy with large contracts for the making of weapons and supplies.  That, in turn, would keep those contractors and the leaders in the military pleased because they would keep getting improved weapons to counter the growing Cold War threat they believed they faced from the Soviet Union. ---  --- The phrase Ike used, `the military-industrial complex,' has since become synonymous with the growing influence by military weapon suppliers on eager politicians wanting campaign donations for their coffers and jobs for their districts and the eagerness of those politicians to keep purchasing more and more weapons from these same suppliers. ---  --- It's obvious the World War 2 hero who commanded the Allied military invasion of Europe that defeated Nazism knew what he was talking about when he warned his fellow citizens that `we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex.' Unfortunately, for us citizens who believe a rising police state has developed in the four decades since. ---  --- Eisenhower is considered by many of today's historians as an amiable military dunce who only knew how to operate in an Army setting so let the political experts in his administration make the decisions to run this country in his eight years in office in a similar fashion to that of a highly successful corporate CEO letting his underlings run the show while he spends most of his time visiting stockholders in cheerleading sessions to keep their stock value high.  But it's now apparent that he was much shrewder than originally believed in his dealings with Congress and the military bureaucracy he found in Washington during his tenure and what he felt was a growing threat against the unique political power of the president in setting American foreign policy and what the military need for defense.  ---  --- The ninety-eight minute film then uses interviews with contemporary figures as diverse as Gore Vidal, John McCain, Richard Perle and William Kristol to showcase the filmmakers opinion that we still have too many Americans believing that the concept of never-ending war is good for the American economy and our nation's foreign policy goals that is transposed with historic footage and material regarding why we are currently in the conflict in faraway Iraq. ---  --- Dwight Eisenhower recognized the horrors of war and his farewell warning to the American people and his successors not to be taken in by those who promote the perpetual re-armament of our military so we can always be stronger than our perceived enemies still resonates with great force today.  It's a sad commentary that in the forty-five years since he left office with that dire prediction that so few of our politicians chose to listen.
These Strawberry Wheels are very fresh and delicious.  I highly recommend them
As a lecturer of e-commerce, I was looking forward to reading this book on the social implications of the Internet.  However, I am most disappointed with the boring and superficial way the subject is explored.  The author takes a couple of anecdotical examples to show the concequences in the shift of power that the Internet has brought about.  The result is a disjointed treatment of an otherwise most interesting topic.  I have nothing good to say about this book - money wasted
Shark Attack is an interesting tale of deceit and stolen shark footage.  The movie features some computer harpooning police men and a crazy fisherman turned taxi driver.  The most interesting part is all the shark footage...  The best scene is after the bad guy/hotel owner is eaten, the shark clearly shown with a hook in it's mouth being pulled towards a boat.  This of course has nothing at all to do with the plot.  So where did this hook come from?  It was probably I was trying to stab in my eyes to stop the pain of this movie
This book provides great insight on modern business development concepts and design techniques.  The framework provided will save hours of time spent building common libraries or frameworks.  The industry support via CodePlex and the CSLA forum site speak volumes of the value it provides. 
If you follow my reviews, you know that I felt the version of "Jack the Ripper" with Michael Caine as Inspector Fred Abberline was a phenomenal masterpiece. Not only was Michael Caine phenomenal in the role, but that version offered convincing speculation to a mystery we don't know and never will. While I respect this version with Johnny Depp, it is more horror oriented. (Michael Caine's version was more historical.) Onto the subject at hand. Some of you may know Jack's 5 victims. (Mary Anne Nichols, Annie Chapman, Elizabeth Stride, Kathy Eadows, and Mary Jane Kelly.) Well, they seem to have a close friendship, and we also get the impression that they share some dangerous secret. (In the Michael Caine version, the 5 victims knew each other, but they were just associates.) Well, of course Jack the Ripper comes into play. One scene is very well done in that while we don't see his face, we do see some disturbing pictures, and we do see him cutting his steak and pouring blood red wine. In comes Depp (Inspector Fred Abberline). It is interesting that while the older Michael Caine brought frustration and tremendous energy to the role, Johnny Depp looks like his character is living on borrowed time and going to die anyday. But maybe Depp didn't want to just imitate Caine. One thing I had a problem with was that while Caine had some trouble with his superiors, Depp's trouble with his superiors is blown out of proportion. (Without giving the story away, his superiors must have known things that they didn't tell Depp! At least Caine's superiors carried some reason on their side!) You'll probably notice that Depp finds things out much quicker than Caine did. (Probably because Caine's version was 4 hours, while Depp's is only 2.) While Caine was involved with an artist, Depp becomes involved with Mary Jane Kelly. Gradually, Depp discovers things that put together an interesting puzzle. Like Caine did in his version, Depp ironically gets close and almost friendly with the killer. (OF COURSE, DEPP DOES NOT KNOW HE IS TALKING TO THE KILLER.) Well, another problem here is that in the Caine version, we can understand more why the killer appeared normal and was even friendly with Caine. We never really understand here why the killer is friendly and even helpful to Depp. (Jack the Ripper does not have the same mental illness he did in the Caine version.) I will admit that the scenery is well done, the elements of horror are there, and Depp did a good job of not just imitating Michael Caine. And Depp's sergeant Godley does offer some entertainment. But if you saw the Michael Caine version, you will undoubtedly miss the quite probable historical accuracy. If on the other hand, you don't mind the fact that this version is more geared towards horror than history, you'll probably find it a respectable horror movie. SIDE NOTE: Johnny Depp makes Inspector Fred Abberline look like he's going to die anyday. Well, in reality, Fred Abberline lived on for 40 more years after he stopped Jack the Ripper.
I bought these for my husband.  He went riding in 45ish degree weather and his hands stayed warm.  He was very happy with them and I will be buying a pair for myself !
I purchased 2 of these last year.  There are lots of wooden chairs and other furniture out there but few made with a wood anyone can pronounce.  Since I am a woodworker and live in Oregon, I knew ahead of time I would treat this chair so it will retain its color and last in the rain.  Any type of clear wood deck sealer will do and the TRICK to having a lasting chair is to place a small amount of "liquid nails" in each joint before screwing it all together (this chair does require assembly but it is EZ).  If you seal the wood and secure the joints, this chair should last many years.  I still love mine and they look great and because of the liquid nails...there are no creaks or movement whatsoever so I don't have to worry when my "larger" friends sit in them ;-)...buy them now...they are well worth it!!
The benefits may be great, but the exercises are so boring that it is way too much effort to do them on a regular basis
  Oh man this is really one of the worst of the 80's "slasher" movies. Tom Hanks shows up for a minute, but the last almost 90. SKIP I
i love the loop to hang elmo up to dry, and my now 14 month old enjoys drawing with the soap crayons, and chewing on them unfortunately.  not her favorite toy but enjoyed
a typical altman film. made to please himself not an audience. i don't know how he keeps getting financing. no one sees them except family and friends. additionally. it suffers from soft focus, out of focus, photography that will drive you nuts! after awhile you don't give a damn whether they have a wedding or not
I recently purchased this bluetooth Scala-500 and used it all about maybe 5 times.  Why such a short amount of time?  Because the sound quality heard on the other end is so poor that I am told it sounds like I am in a windy tunnel when in fact I am in the car with the windows up and radio off.  It's a bit too hot to drive with air condition off and windows up just so the person on  the other end can hear me.  Now I keep this piece of junk in my console and will only use it if my Logitech bluetooth is out of power.  If you buy this make sure you plan to use it in a place like a library where there are no sounds at all to interfere.  The only good thing about this headset is that it was easy to setup and connects well with my cell phone.  Think twice about buying this product or check it out at your local retailer first.  Even with the rebate I only paid $[...], but still not a bargain.  The one star was for the ease of setting up with my cell phone
This Invicta 2699 watch, it's a nice watch, the case of stainless steel, polished, looks very well, solid. with transparent case back, although there is nothing exceptional to look at. --- Dial of mother of pearl, clear and clean, with not too many words or other dials on it, looks elegant, the Roman numbers are very good for that dial; the hands are big enough to be seen even in poor light conditions. --- The movement is a Miyota automatic with 21 jewels, works fine, for the price. --- It has poor power reserve, so if you do not use it for 24 hours, it will stop, nothing to worry about
I am so happy that there is a market for this magazine. The mantra of the book is dead people is thwarted by this pub. I scribble down scores of books each issue that I have to read and it reawakens my interest in books that I missed when they feature classics. I buy more books than ever now thanks (or maybe no thanks) to this magazine
David Lean's "The Bridge on the River Kwai" like Jean Renoir's "Grand Illusion" is an anti-heroic war film, set in a prisoner of war camp environment... But there, the point of resemblance came to an end...  ---  --- "The Bridge on the River Kwai" is an adventure film in which the nature of World War II is explored... And if in "Grand Illusion" the characters were described by a great artist who treasures their common humanity, in "The Bridge on the River Kwai" they are forced to carry out their destinies by an officer who cannot bear to see his bridge blown up... ---  --- Escape is almost impossible from the Japanese camp located near the Kwai River in Burma... The prisoners are badly treated by cruel guards... The camp commander is a rigid psychopath... Conditions are hard to bear... Psychological state of the war British prisoners in constant alteration... ---  --- Into the presumptuous situation comes Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness in a fascinating performance), a strict, serene, dedicated British Officer, deeply concerned for the welfare of his men... ---  --- Nicholson is under severe pressure from the stubborn Japanese Colonel Saito (Sessue Hayakawa) for insisting on his attachment to the Geneva convention and refusing to allow his officers to be used on the construction of the strategic bridge... ---  --- Nichilson survives the oppressive punishment imposed on him, but his obsession has risen to near-madness... He agrees to help the Japanese build their bridge, and in his determination to find victory in defeat, he ignores that the bridge, which he insists must be a 'proper bridge,' will serve the Japanese objectives against the British troops... ---  --- In addition to the powerful rules of a prison camp picture, captors against captives and an interesting moral respect to a military code, a third element, in the story, is introduced: a small commando team led by Major Warden (Jack Hawkins) and an American sailor (William Holden) whose mission is to destroy the strategic bridge.. ---  --- The film leads swiftly to a suspenseful climax: a Japanese train and a Commando force directed to a same goal, the Brige of the River Kwai... ---  --- Each character, in the motion picture, has a valid reason for what he is doing, and each elaborates a relationship to the bridge revealed to be obsession and insane... ---  --- "The Bridge on the River Kwai" hits with 'war' in a compelling logic of events, the indulgence of self-destruction. ---  --- With a great visual beauty and terrific whistling tune March, "The Bridge on the River Kwai" is a great dramatic entertainment of the wills of men...  --- 
I drive a special needs school bus all day, all year and have had this cushion for some time. They are light and easy to move between vehicles. I get about two years out of it, then just buy another. Don't spend more, you don't have to
I bought this game on a whim, having really liked Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit 2. This game needs help. First of all, the frame rate is lower than it should be. There is slow-down as well. Even the game before this, Need For Speed: Underground 2 looked 100 times better. The car models in Most Wanted are a touch nicer-looking and there is a far better selection than Underground 2, but that's the only plus this game has to it. You don't race as much as fly around the city in a barely-controlled frenzy, trying to stay ahead of the computer cars. Winning is more by luck than skill. He or she who hits the least obstacles wins. Hardly an enjoyable way to race! I get too stressed when playing this game, so I put it away for a while. Definitely rent before buying this game.
Just what the world needs, another clone of the worst board game ever to sell like hotcakes.  ---  --- I can not think of any reason to recommend this game. The winner is determined by luck, there is no skill involved in winning this or any game of monopoly. The game hardly fits into a single evening of play, and for a few unlucky players who exit early that means either sitting around watching or finding something else to do (This may be a blessing if it means not playing anymore).  ---  ---  --- So to anyone who is buying this to play it (not because you are a huge dog fan and must own everything that has a dog on it) I recommend that you look into a better product.  ---  --- I would start by going to Google and searching on "board game". Follow the 1st link you find
I am a school teacher and I only have 30 minutes for lunch. I eat one of these most days for lunch. It is very filling an inexpensive. It is easy and fast to heat up
 --- Fossil watches are beautiful and have a lot of style. Many people have pointed out at how different and nice my watch is. It looks great with almost all of my casual clothes.  --- This is a beautiful high quality-not so expensive watch
Sorry I could not have rated 10 stars. I feel they taste better than if I picked them myself! I want to purchase more. Thank you AMAZON ALWAYS OFERING THE BEST
Ok, i just could not resist coming on here to review this. I've had this CD for about 4 years now and I STILL listen to quite a bit, proof right there that this CD is definetly a classic (in my book at least) Every single song on here is original, the guitar riffs are simply amazing, and the lyrics i can not even describe in words how much they hit home and how breathtaking they are. If your a Goo Goo Doll fan, and you still do not have this CD, i deeply encourge you to go buy it now! This is The is The Goos like you've never heard them before. The CD is pure genius, and in my opinion the best cd i've ever heard
Bought the camera on a recommendation, and also what looked like good specs on the web. Owned it for less than two weeks when the LCD screen cracked (below the surface of the protective cover). Turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras. Panasonic will not warranty fix this! If you do get one, or own one, be very careful not to use the left nav button. If you do, be very careful on the pressure you apply. This is the camera's glass jaw, and you might end up "bricking" a brand new camera. I am replacing mine with a Canon
There's a fundamental flaw in the software: it won't print a greeting card properly unless you have a borderless-capable printer.  If you print on a printer that can't do borderless printing, the front cover image on the card will be off center.  Check the FAQ section of the hallmarksoftware web site and they even admit as much. ---  --- It's a known bug, and a 'fix' has been promised since December according to the hallmarksoftware on-line forums.  Until the fix is released, if ever, avoid this program
Roaster was cracked up one side.  I returned it and the second one was also cracked up one side.  I returned that one as well.  This item is extremely heavy and is very rustic iron.  Aside from the crack, it was not what I expected or wanted.
If you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book. Very well done
I bought this hub less than 2 months ago.  It has stopped working!  If I plug it in, it is no longer powered. ---  --- DO NOT BUY THIS P.O.S.!
The Leak-O-Matic fully lived up to its name.  As a new parent, I don't have time to do things once, forget about doing things twice.  I need simple and reliable- the Leak-O-Matic is neither.  It worked OK for the first few times, then I partially filled the tub and put all the items nearby necessary for bathtime.  By the time I returned with baby in hand, the Leak-O-Matic had dribbled all over the laundry room counter, soaked all my other items on the counter, water ran down onto the floor, under the baseboard, and dripped from the upstairs landing onto the downstairs foyer floor.  The Leak-O-Matic is the Hindenburg of all baby bathtubs.  It is too bad that I cannot give it zero stars.  ---  --- There are many people who say that you just have to assemble them correctly, but judging from the number of irate mommies here, I conclude that it is either too a complicated design or just plain crappy engineering.  Think about it- the number of people with young children who took the time to go online and tell everyone that this thing is a piece of cheese!   ---  --- The cups on the feet stick to the countertop so you are unable to positon the tub once it is attached.  The fabric mesh incline allows the baby to slide down into the water, so you're always repositioning the baby.  I'm surprised that this thing didn't come with a built in toaster for 'added safety'. ---  --- I did not research every single item on the registry- I figured that if the big stores carried it then it must be at least "OK".  Back it goes.  If you buy this thing, then good luck to you, and don't burn the toast!
I purchaced this magazine thinking that it would be the next step from the amateur photo magazine level to the serious pro level.  In fact, it is not really either. 
This battery for my Cannon camera is a great little "back up" battery.  My camera came with a Cannon battery and charging unit.  The replacement Cannon battery sells for over $40.00 so purchasing this CTA battery at less than $10.00 is a very good choice. 
Sediment and metal particles settle in the bottom of your drain pan and these kits can't siphon all that out.  Most "quickie-lube" stations that pioneered this process have abandoned it because they were getting sued for damaging the engine.   ---  --- The right way to change your oil is to run your engine until hot and and drain from the bottom; that does a much better job of removing the sludge
Please Sid -- with the dissapointment of CivIV, and now Railroads, say you haven't jumped on the "easy" bandwagon like so many other game designers. ---  --- Sid -- the reason we purchase these games is because YOUR name is on them. This game seems like it was made for a 12 year old, not someone who's grown up with the complexities you normally build into your games. ---  --- Please -- the next game you release, make sure it lives up to the standards YOU created. After this, just throwing your name on a game no longer means you will print some money for your bank account
It just amazes me what a joke the music industry has become. Nowadays anyone can become a singer take for instance: Ashlee Simpson, Lindsay Lohan, and now Paris Hilton? LMAO! No seriously though, I'm still totally not sure how Paris Hilton became so famous. Yes, I know she's the Hilton Hotel Heiress, but I'm not sure why the media gives her so much attention. All she did was live off her family fortune, but now thanks to that fortune, she was able to get the right contacts, to make her own record label called "heiress records" which is a sub-label of Warner Bros. After a reality show series, modeling career, A sex tape, and a couple of roles in a few movies, what did she think to herself? I think I want to be a singer now? Apparently. And thats how this flaming pile of garbage came about. "Stars are Blind" is her first single off her debut album "Paris" and let me tell you it's nothing new or original. The song has kind of a ska beat, which I really don't think much of. Her voice sounds like when you inhale helium from a balloon, and the lyrics are mediocre. Sorry Paris , but you failed miserably as a musician. Leave this profession for the people that really have the talent
I have owned Palm organizers since the days of the original Palm Pilot and have loved them (I think I had three different models over the years). I wanted a smart phone so I could check my email so I gravitated to the Treo 680 so I could stay with a Palm product and so I could stay with my current mobile provider, Cingular. Now I am counting the days until my 2 year commitment ends so I can punt this awful, awful product. I may even bite the bullet and pay off my commitment early just so I can get rid of it. ---  --- The battery problem is huge. You must remember to stick this in a charger whenever you can. If you forget and leave it in your pocket overnight then it will be dead the next day. I have turned off every thing I can find that sucks power and it still drains amazingly fast. It won't even last a day if you make very many calls. ---  --- The reception is terrible. I've had a Cingular phone for a long time and was able to get good reception over most of So. California (except for my house of course). With this phone I think you have to be right underneath an antenna to get a signal. I was on a conference call yesterday and got dropped twice. I am envious everytime I get in an elevator with someone who can talk on their cell phone because mine will freeze up any time I try that.  ---  --- Yes, it freezes up often. The only way I have found to unfreeze it is to take out the battery and let it do a hard reboot. ---  --- The versa mail program that it came with from Cingular is hard to work with. You must leave your work computer on to check the corporate mail. That means if I am traveling with my computer, the phone's corporate mail program will not work. It often will not sync anyway.  ---  --- I don't think the browser that comes with the phone will work with Java, so I cannot check my Yahoo mail either. I tried going back and forth to the pre-Java version of Yahoo and that is too much of a pain. ---  --- I get all kinds of weird messages with the phone. I haven't ever been able to sync up the Palm features because of some legacy files from my previus palm software, something that never happened when I upgraded before. ---  --- Yes, there is a manual that is huge. It is hard to use on line so I guess I need to bite the bullet and print out the whole thing and then take a week of vacation to read it and see if I can make any of these neat functions that I read about work. ---  --- Hardly a week goes by that I don't actively think how much I hate this phone. I actually signed on to Amazon today just to write this because the phone wasn't working properly today. What a piece of junk!
The CD is great!!! The legendary Johnny Cash comes thru loud and clear on this CD. However, it took Amazon over 30 days to deliver this item and that was only after numerous emails to them. Their attitude of "just wait a few more days and email us again" was both insulting and annoying. Thank goodness this wasn't a Christmas gift for someone.
The material and construction are good. I purchased this because the ad said it would fit a 9' tree. The bag is 6' long
I love this shampoo. It make my hair so soft and shiny. I cut the shampoo in four, and use it every other day. Then I keep it at dry place. This shampoo last long too. The smell is great too. Love it! I'm going to buy it for my mom
the pendant was a little smaller than I expected, but lovely nonetheless
My son cannot wait to get a bigger set.  Compared to other magnetic building sets Geomags is, by far, better quality although it is also more expensive
I've read a lot of books on real estate sales, but this books is my favorite. Jim Remley offers comon sense ideas that are easy to implement and are being used by real agents. Everyone should read this book. --- 
Bob's Red Mill Roasted Oregon Hazelnuts tasted stale and over cooked.  This is not a quality product and not good value for the money.  Don't waste your money on this item
I had never read a Danielle Steel book before, and decided to give her a try, given that she is so popular and has so many books published. I was pretty disappointed. I agree with the other reviewers that the plot is unrealistic; however, if a book is unrealistic but well-written and engaging, I would still like it. I think the biggest problem with this book is the author's excessive repetitiveness. Yes, I get that this character is really cold and unloving---that was already covered 50 pages ago! In addition, character traits could have been better conveyed through situations, rather than simply stating, "so and so was a devoted mother" and repeating this fact again and again and again. These flaws in the author's writing kept me skipping through whole sections of the book. This book did not leave me wanting to read more of Ms. Steel's books. It is an ok book if you like romance and very easy, repetitive reading.
I love this product. I had so many pictures that need to be in a scrapbook. This was so fast and easy, also it only took a couple of weeks to complete. I didn't over spend on paper,tape,glue, and etc. With three kids I don't have the time to sit down and cut, measure and more. with all my pages completed. I added a FEW things to go along with the theme of my page. I even used left over Christmas wrap to fill the 12X12 for Christmas pictures/theme
this case is really nice and compact. there is a nice place for a card or x-tra batteries inside. is snuggly fits the HP digital camera. protects well. and well padded. very nice case
I know from experience. I have owned every brand of this type of cable over the years. I think one company makes them all. They will NOT last. The cable will develop a bare spot near the device connector end and short itself out. For some reason, it only happens with the Palm-type cables. My iPod and USB retractable cables have lasted. Perhaps one just ends up using the Palm device cables more for hot-synching and/or charging daily. ---  --- See my PALM page at [...
I've tried lots of coffee pods, and Black Mountain Gold is by far THE BEST!! The flavor is always full and rich, never bitter. The Kenya AA has a great "rich" roast flavor. 
It works so great. I broke my left wrist and was in a cast for nine weeks.  I will be using the stand after I can use my left wrist. It is very sturdy and adjust to different hights
EASY AND CLEAR STEPS TO FOLLOW IN INSTALLATION, ALTHOUGH THE UNIVERSAL REMOTE IS REALLY BAD, FEELS VERY CHEAP...TACHLESS MODE WORKS GREAT, BUT FINDING SERVICE AND TECH SUPPORT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE...GOOD LUCK CONTACTING THEM
I love this doll i only saw her in the store and when i did i fell in love with her i cant wait to get her! but i do think its a bit pricey but its worth the money
The 18" description is for the necklace on it's longest extended setting.  Without using the extended part of the chain it is really closer to being child sized.  It is pretty and will end up being a gift for my daughter rather than the friend I had intended to give it to
My two parakeets seem to enjoy this CD a bit, but if you want a CD for relaxing listening, be prepared to be irritated.  I tried to go to sleep listening to it one night.  I had to turn it off because it just got on my nerves.....I kept thinking it was stuck....like a record stuck in a grrove.  It sometimes seems they recorded it by just hitting the "repeat" button on a couple of bird sounds.  I think I could have done that.  I'm just glad it didn't cost a lot, but now I can see why.  Sorry for such a bad review, but I just had to tell anyone planning on buying it.  I now just play it for my birds when I am NOT in the room
This is what you need if you want a suite of protection for you pc. --- I've used mcafee. It drove me nuts. I've used norton. Also drove me nuts. ZoneAlarm worked nearly flawlessly (as well as windows can.) It is a very stable and intuitive program that is what I have been looking for. All I can is that you should buy this and get rid of whatever you're using now, especially if it's Mcafee or norton. Just a sidenote: I run AVG free antivirus alongside this and I also ran it alongside norton and mcafee. AVG would catch things that neither Norton nor mcafee would. Never have had that problem with ZoneAlarm
I have two seperate units.  One hardwired to my car, and the other is the JVC unit.  I hooked it directly into the audio (aux) ports of my Radio, rather than use an fm station.  It works great, the sound quality is excellent as well - (and my radio is so old it play's 8-tracks!!!!).  I did notice that the unit tends to run a bit warm to hot.  I agree with the previous reviews, that it is something that JVC needs to look into, perhaps it is simply a matter of a "heat sink-er" not being in specs, as yet, I have encountered no problems (having had the JVC unit for 1.5 years)  No matter.  As to the commercial free: Sirius (which I have had a subscription to for the past 4 years) has commercial free radio, though the news stations and a few others do have commercials.  Those stations are clearly defined as being in the commercial block.  The music stations are 100% free of commercial.  ---  --- All in all a damn cheap price to pay for avoidance of all those really irritating DJ's, commerical's, and lack of variety in stations!  ~Cheers!
Truly his greatest film I have seen thus far.  Not only is one taken in by this movie, but it allows one to forget that it's filmed in black and white.  The boy, Elvis, of course, is even more beautiful in KING CREOLE.  Which leads me to believe he believed in his work for this picture.  The soundtrack is admirable.  He delivered it with such effervescence, such pride.  One can't help but fall in love with him and this movie.  --- Too bad Elvis was so loyal to Col. Parker.  He could have been the great dramatic actor he had always wanted to be.  This film certainly promised it
Tried this product for 2 weeks; it did improve the clarity and softness, but I found the product to be too scratchy and it did not rinse off well, seemed to have a sticky feel.  Since then, I found a wonderful microdermabrasion product called Microdermx by Nikkel Holistic Skincare. This product performs like magic; it is not too scratchy and I can do a whole microderm treatment and not end up feeling like I've been slapped with a wire brush.  I can do the treatment 2-3x's a week, (like your supposed to) but I also use it each morning as a cleanser and everyday is better than the day before. It is a magical product. --- Bette Hampton,  Chicago, I
The leather on these gloves is soft and supple. and they're warm ---  --- thats about all that I can say that is good. There were scuffs when I got them. the stitching was ripping (and finished itself off soon after) and the fingers were different lengths on each glove. avoid at all costs.
I have always had Graco infant seats for my children. I got this one for baby number 4 and love it. It is so cute! And the cover is just wonderful for the fall and winter months. Also, I LOVE the color of it.
I spent a lot of time researching strollers, and after reading all of the reviews for the Aria I decided to register for one.  Out of the box it was fairly easy to assemble and lightweight, but I have not been pleased with it since.  The shoulder straps on the 5 point harness are cheap and fall out of the back of the seat.  The snack cup has never stayed in place.  Steering this stroller is impossible...we took it to Disney last month and I almost left it in Florida.  All in all I expected a lot more from Peg Perego
GREAT price. I have another pair of these shoes I bought elsewhere at twice this price. Very comfortable. True to size.
This film is primarily a screwball comedy with dance and song numbers thrown in for good measure.  The story concerns a ballet star(Fred Astaire) and a stage performer(Ginger Rogers) who may or may not be married depending on whom you ask.  Given the celebrity of the two parties involved hijinks and scandal ensue.  Both Fred and Ginger are in top comic form with their verbal sparring.  Need we redundantly state that they dance together exquisitely.  Good supporting cast includes the perpetually nervous Edward Everett Horton, the droll Eric Blore, and Jerome Cowan("The Maltese Falcon").  Good score by the Gershwin brothers.  You do not hear much about this film in the annals of screwball comedy probably because the principals are known primarily for their dancing.  Check this film out if you want to see a first rate comedy
Package missing.  It's never be received.  So I cannot rate it
This books offers information that will eliminate a lot of unnecessary headache and rejection for writers who are currently published and those looking to break into the freelance field. The tips and examples are great, and there are many resources for those who want to get published. In my opinion, it's essential for making the most of your writing career.
Originally ordered a COMPLETELY different model armband for 15 bux. GOT THIS ONE......we'll see if my 80 gb video will fit.....doubt it....AMAZON....bad call on this seller son!!!
Too many people are overwhelmed with the more modern Christmas songs out there today and are unaware of the wonderful music available on CDs like this.  John Rutter proves his brilliance in arranging and conducting.  The music overwhelms the senses and the joy of Christmas overcomes you as you listen.  This is one of the most peaceful Christmas CDs I have ever heard.  "Wassail Song" is incredible, and if you are ever in a small vocal ensemble, this song is a must to perform.  You will not be disappointed when you purchase this CD
It wasn't clear from the packaging that this doesn't work with the newer iPods with video.  I had to search the internet (after I already purchased and could see that it clearly didn't fit) to find this information
Make no mistake, this is the memory card for you if you've got a Gamecube (which I'm assuming you do, or you're planning on getting one soon).   ---  --- Anyway, there are 251 blocks on this baby, which may not seem like a lot, but it is.  It gets the job done, and you don't have to worry about it corrupting data or anything.  I've had mine for a while and nothing has happened to the files saved on there.  It's also easy to save and delete information from this thing with the simple click of a button. ---  --- Please, don't get that damn third party memory card from Madcatz, my experience with that is corrupted data, and constant reformating of the card (which erases your files anyway).  Only go with Nintendo, they're the only ones who know the divine nature of their memory card.  ---  --- I must say, though, this is for the casual gamer.  Someone who doesn't have every game they can possibly get a hold of.  Some EA games, for exammple, take up over one-hundred blocks of memory.  Basically, what I'm saying is simple: If you're one who has a ton of games, you may find yourself buying more than one of these memory cards before you know it.  Not every game has a save for just the game.  Resident Evil, for example, saves on a different block every time.  Just like a playstation memory card.  If you're like me, however, you probably don't have THAT many games that it's a bother.  ---  --- The other thing I must caution is simple: This thing, like every other memory card, is small as hell.  This one even more so.  If you can, keep it plugged in your Gamecube at all times.   ---  --- The great thing about memory cards, just about everyone of them, is simple: You can take them anywhere.  Does your same friend also own Super Mario Sunshine?  Hey, that's great, now you can leave your copy of the game at home and take your memory card.  It lightens the load.  ---  --- It's essential to have a memory card if you buy a Gamecube, and this is a good one.  If, however, you happen to be someone who has a TON of games, this won't hold you over long enough, and you'll have to buy another. ---  --- No Gamecube owner should be without a memory card, though.
My four-year-old son loved the first Fritz and Chesster so much I just had to get the second.  I would have gotten the third installment as well, but it appears to require a DVD-Rom and more up-to-date software than he has on his computer (I suggest you always review those details before buying).  Like the first, this second installment has the same quirky and artistic sensibility and lots of amusing details that keep me as interested in it as he is.   ---  --- The first one seemed a lot more "British" than this one.  Just one example: in the first installment, the pawns are often depicted as English villagers with low-brow accents.  In this installment they are more often Texas ranchers... There were also numerous Britishisms in the first installment that were tough to understand for a child.  This one is thankfully free of them.  I suppose the American audience proved more lucrative than the original designers had expected....  ---  --- I think the suggested age is more 6-or-above (they really should be able to read, I suppose), but with a little help even a younger child (such as my son) can get into most of the exercises and spend time with it.  There are several more advanced  features in this one than in the first installment.  Here the focus is on basic tactics, openings, and endgame situations.  So a child should really have made it through the first one before getting this.  He absolutely has to know all the rules, for instance -- the second installment is not going to teach them.  The first also has some wonderful exercises with just pawns or kings on the board, for instance, that have much to teach.  And some fun games like a maze with a monster chasing you (to teach the rook moves) or a cannon that fires diagonally (to teach the bishop).  Some of the games here (which resemble early video games, like space invaders) are a little too advanced for a four-year-old's manual dexterity....perhaps for a six-year-old's as well.  But there are many things he can get into nonetheless, especially if you take the time to explain things and get them started. ---  --- Overall, I'd say that if you want to give a child an introduction to the game, nothing beats the first Fritz and Chesster.  Other chess teaching video games are much darker and less helpful, really, for beginners.  And if he or she likes the first installment (which is also very girl-friendly), then by all means advance to the second -- especially for kids over 6
I have to say that I was disappointed when I opened up the package containing my iPod wallet. It's cute, but not $60ish cute. First of all, it's not leather, it's nylon. The lining is indeed suede, but the photos in the product listing are misleading. I'm keeping it because the hassle of shipping it back, etc. isn't worth it. It does the job, but it wasn't what I was expecting. I feel ripped off
Not strong enough to hold even 2 gallons of water in a shower.  This is shown with a shower hanging in it but the only way it would hold it is empty.  Not usable as a shower.  Good if you are looking for privacy or changing room but not for a shower
We bought this for our 2 year old on his birthday. He loves it! His older brother (3 1/2) has the regular Razor scooter, but that was too difficult for our 2 year old to use as it does not stand up by itself. This kiddie scooter is more balanced and as a result our son can keep up with his older brother. Good for the younger kids, but it does not go as fast as the regular Razor. As a result he will most likely grow out of it in a year or two. Definetly worth the money though. He just loves it!
i(37) played this game with my nephew(8) the other night on his birthday .. this is a Great game .. funny, characters have great individual personalities & traits! .. just like ever with any cool game, we started playing, laughed alot, lost track of time & 1 hour had passed .. he was playing PS2 .. im buying it for my XBox tonight .. you should buy it for your system .. definitely worth it!! --- 
  I like Pop-Tarts, as does my family, and I was thrilled to see Go-Tarts and even more thrilled when we tasted them. You do not need to put these little guys in the toaster; they are ready to dance about in your mouth without any heating and this is a good feature.  I often look for little snacks that I can take with me on long or short trips. Sometimes a nibble keeps mouths occupied and stress down just when you need a little quiet in the car; these are great for that or any other time you want a quick snack. I tasted the Frosted Strawberry and it is very good. Give them a try, great for a quick snack at home or on the go
It is always hard to judge a product by a picture. They looked dark on my computer, but I ordered them anyway because I liked the graphic.I am so glad I did. They are actually a steel blue and they look great. I am very pleased and have recieved many compliments. They were easy to install and the quality exceded my expectations. I would recommend them to anyone who loves fairys.
I honestly feel that Tesla reached the end here. After "Psychotic Supper" failed to get the label support that it desparately needed the group just fell apart. With this the whole metal scene was falling away anyhow as grunge was dying off after the death of Kurt Cobain, and here was Tesla trying to make up it's mind what way to go. With the opening track "The Gate" it sounded like they were going to head back to the hair days of the 80's, but then the next song "Solution" they played like a lost and wandering band of the 90's. The rest of the songs just followed suit. The groups slogan is "No Machines", but there's also another slogan at foot here, and that's "No Music Direction", and for some bands that's possibly a workable concept as long as there's an inkling of where the bands roots are. With Tesla it's all over the board where they would score a top 10 hit with an acoustic version of the song "Signs", which is a rock song, to where they do a cover here of Joe South's "Games People Play". I feel that Tesla failed to show thier influences here, and was just trying to make a living; which is not a bad thing, but it pretty much kept them at a cult status. I pretty much had this album, but didn't listen to it at the time as I was trying to leave the secular music scene behind, and just move onto Christianity, and I know the album lurked around in my head all this time, so I felt it was time to face it; I feel that the album is below par for a group that can do some memorable songs, and to me it seems they wanted out of the label, and possibly away from each other.
I can not review something that i have not received.  I thought I would have received my first issue by now but have not. ---  --- If and when i receive the magazien i order i will be happy to review
Exactly as advertised. If you're a Naruto nut, or like wristbands, I'd advise buying this
We never dropped our camera and until now its still looks fresh and new.  And one day, the lens just won't open.  It lights up then after a few seconds, it turns off automatically.  Called a up a Kodak Service center and they gave me a quote for repair. ---  --- The price they've given me is close to my purchase price here in Amazon! ---  --- I'll never buy a Kodak camera again until they come up with a good pricing for repairs.  I do believe that all electronic gadgets die at some point.  So I'm expecting a believable quote for repairs. ---  --- I think Kodak is making expensive disposable digital camera
Do NOT buy this if you own the c340--it doesn't fit and Amazon shouldn't market this as if it will. It's a nightmare to have to get it returned and get a refund.  This is also true for the cigarette lighter adapter--I hope there will be clarity as to which accessories go with each model otherwise, you'll be in for a lot of wasted time and money.  The Garmin is great, but the fact that most of their accessories are not compatible within the product family is a huge problem. 
These are exactly what they are advertised to be. I thoroughly enjoy using them
I tripped and basically THREW my Treo about 15 feet onto the sidewalk.  With the skin on it, no harm done.  None.  This is the second skin I've owned - the first from JAVOSkin - and I like this one better than the first.  The skin is thicker but the covered buttons are better defined and easier to use.  I didn't like the cord attaching bump on the side at first - but I did attach the cord and now it is easier for me to find in my handbag.  I highly recommend this product - whether or not you use the cord
This collection isn't as bonus feature happy as Anthology was. this version of FF4 (2 in the USA at the time of the SNES/Genesis era) hasn't changed that much. the random battle loading screen is like the SNES version, the switch between field/world map to the character menu while loading is fast as hell (while sadly Chrono Trigger is slower than the 2 FF games for the Anthology collection and even slower than the other Final Fantasy games for the PSone Era (7,8,9)) Chrono Trigger has a lot of bonus features for this version. Squaresoft (at the time) put a S*** load of cinemas (mainly ending cinemas), has a list of music from the game, and other stuff. The gameplay is still the same, with the exception of what I said earlier, which is good otherwise. unlike Anthology, this collection has no bonus music CD (for those who care anyway). this is still worth owning anyway
I've had my D2H for 9 months now. I've heard of the magenta skin tones issue but have never seen it..skin tones on my unit are great. It seems this issue plagued a minority of users. ---  --- Camera is very fast, exposes well and delivers results. It's primarily designed to be a sports and Photojournalism camera -- for situations where speed counts. It's a 4 megapixel wonder -- it's true it only has 4 megapixels, but they are 4 GREAT megapixels. Images upsize wonderfully.  ---  --- I love my unit, and am debating whether to buy a second one as a backup, or wait for the D2X. The price of the D2x is making that decision a bit easier and I'm leaning toward another D2H.
I like funny rappers who have some talent at least. I do not think that his songs or the man is funny at all. And even the people that I know that enjoyed this the first couple times say that they don't like it at all by the third time. Truly bad pointless music that makes all rap music seem like a joke. Avoid this one
This filter is an excellent cost efficient way to protect your valuable lenses.
Keeps time very well(obviously).  No problems getting signal to sync with atomic clock.  Chrono, second time zone, all other functions work well.  Love the light function, better than any Indiglo I have owned.  Only quibble is that the alarm needs to be louder
I used the same mascara for years, i came across bourjois pump up the volume on an internet site so i thought i'd give it a go, it really does pump up those lashes and it stays put for most of the day too, i use this mascara all the time now, i think its great
We enjoyed these, and they are a healthy snack.  They are not low calorie, but very nutritious
I was extrememly unhappy with this necklace.  The picture on-line makes it look beautiful with light shining thru the amethyst (ha, looks like cut glass not real amethyst!)/Even putting it up to the natural light it looked dull/fake/plastic.  I emailed and got a reply I would get a full discount just mail it back.  Well, I mailed it back with insurance costing $6.55 after already paying shipping to have it sent to me.  Because I feel it was NOT advertised in a 'correct light' I asked for my shipping back for both charges and disputed the charge with my credit card company.  The refund from Amazon was only the cost of the necklace with neither shipping charge.  I am still going to dispute the the shipping charges because this jewelry did NOT look like it did on the website
My company purchased two of these phone a month or two back for office use.  Previously we had an AT&T - which I'll probably never own again after having a Panasonic. ---  --- The phones have great voice quality - plus some nice features you don't always find, like the hold option, data port on the back, and a nice LCD screen displaying date, time, # missed calls, # messages, and in call timer.  I do wish, however, that the LCD was backlit.  Another great feature is the fact that it displays the associated caller ID stamp with the message that is playing - no more guessing who left the message when! ---  --- The phones have been standing up beyond our expectations - and I plan on buying Panasonic phones our next time around
This is a good toy for a toddler, not a baby. I've used this toy in two different setting (first as a nanny and then as a mom) and both times, the babies were terrified of it. It's just too much stimulation for a 9 month old. The balls fly everywhere and you've got to run about after them to keep it going; unless of course, you've got a toddler, then they can run about after the balls (which seems to be half the fun for them). Good toy, but not until maybe 14 months.
If you like this book you will probably like "Bless the Child" by Cathy Cash Spellman.  They are very similar.  This book can be summed up in one word, simple: simple-minded, simple characters, simple plot (applied loosely), and simple premise.  What a contrived piece of garbage! ---  --- I can't describe everything wrong with this book because there's not enough time.  If it's meant to be a mystery it sucks because you figure out who did it about halfway through.  If it's meant to empower women it sucks because the women are either victims, in denial, weak, worried about what everyone thinks, or oblivious.  If it's meant to promote animal adoptions it sucks because the author's plea for that is irritating.  That's how bad this book is! It can make an animal lover say that its plea for more animal adoptions was annoying. ---  --- This author has no style.  The book reads like an episode of inside edition.  There is no immersion into the story.  The total lack of character development leaves you with no compassion for them.  As a reader I felt completely outside the story; an uncaring observer of a poorly described scenario.  The attempts to tug at my heartstrings were laughable.  I've been more moved by the appearance of colorful weeds on my lawn.  The only reason I read the whole thing was that my neighbor recommended it and loaned it to me.  Do not waste your time.   ---  --- I must say though that this novel was inspirational.  If this crap can make the best seller list, it gives me hope that my original fiction might get published
It was not as good as I expected.  I felt the quality of this item was cheap.  Therefore, I returned it
This is a great tool for when recording. It will hang right on yer middle finger and it's there still after pushin' a few buttons or what. AND it is a good pick. Not a replacement mind you but get one to have in the "studio".
I purchased the WP-DC700 underwater case for my A70 and followed the directions exactly, oiling the gasket and cleaning it after each use. It leaked and ruined my month old camera. Customer service was rude, blamed me and then tried to bargain with me to fix it for $190 instead of the $280 that they initially requested. The underwater case has a 7 DAY WARANTY and the camera is not covered for water damage. My father had a similar problem with his $1000 Nikon digital which just stopped working for no aparent reason, they claimed it was water damage and tried to bargain with him to buy a rebuilt one for $500. So beware of bad customer service. Canon's customer service has all bad unreasolved reviews at the Better business Burea
This has got to be the funniest, most warped show on cable today.  It's the ultimate show about nothing - a group of morally-deficient 20-somethings who own an Irish pub in Philadelphia.  They care about nothing but outdoing each other for attention and money.  They constantly argue over the dumbest things and come from families more dysfunctional than anyone can imagine.   ---  --- To give you an idea of the show's themes:  there are episodes that revolve around one of the characters trolling for dates at an abortion rally; another in which the gang tries to outdo each other by pretending to be crippled, just to see who can get the most attention and sympathy from strangers; and an episode in which the gang charges people to view a "vision" of the Virgin Mary (actually a water stain in the bar).  The dialogue is made up of all the things people are thinking but won't say.  No tender or sappy moments here, these are episodes you would NEVER see on the Hallmark Channel or Lifetime. ---  --- One of the most unique comedies on tv, and by far one of the best.  I look forward to many more new seasons of "It's Always Sunny..." and am hopeful it does not lose its edge or pursue milktoast or nonoffensive story lines.     --- 
I bought this after it had been out a year, so not as much available on line as there was a year ago, also it is a German game, so limited USA playing.  But I loved the first Sacred & I also loved Sacred underworld, if you don't plan on on line playing Sacred is worth the money
This is the only shoe I wear for High Impact Jazzercise classes four+ times per week.  I have a wide, flat foot and this shoes fit me perfectly.  And with boot cut jazz pants, they look great! 
I got American Girl when I was nine. and now im going on my thirteenth birthday and still love it. I think you can be intreseted in Teen People type magazines but still love American Girl. It has lots of crafts and my favorite part-the "lunch box" section where they have ideas for food to make and take in your lunch to school. It is a short magazine, but they make up for it by having the JUMBO summer issue. I think its definitaly worth the money.
I'm a pretty sexy girl and these so called panties are just about too sexy for me. Ooooweee do I feel hot when I have 'em on. Levi's, shorts, dress or trucker's overhauls, it makes no difference. The whole rest of the world might not know what you have on under there, but you'll know and that's enough to add a certain blush to your face, let me tell you. They made me feel ready for bed all day long
I received this crib sheet today and am returning it tomorrow.  Although the tag reads "100% cotton," it is most certainly not the soft, 100% jersey cotton advertised.  The print is cute, but I was looking for something a little softer and warmer now that the snow is falling.  I gave this item 1 star because of the false advertising, but if one is looking for a nice, regular cotton crib sheet, this would probably be okay
For those of us wanting to eat healthier and a little less "carbolicious", this pasta is really good.  It is difficult to tell the difference except this pasta has a bit more texture to it.  But hey, it's good, and to me, that's all that matters.  I stocked up.
Hello, ---  --- I purchased the AVIC-D2, XM and the iPod kit from Amazon.  I then went to my local installer and confirmed with them that they could install all three devices and still allow my factory rear entertainment center to function in the new setup.  After 3.5 hours they failed.   ---  --- I decided that I'd return the items because I needed to get an alternative gift before Christmas and I didn't have time to find another way to get it installed.  I was able to return the D2, but the GEX-P10XMT and the IB100II  are not returnable.  It turns out that Amazon brokered my sale to three other companies that have differing return policies.  Had I realized that Amazon would sell me something that I can't return I would have purchased elsewhere.  At this point I will never purchase anything else from Amazon ever again
I liked these earrings when I got them.  They were smaller than I hoped but would wear them anyway.  I lost one earring the first time I wore IT!!!!! I am so bummed! So if you get them put a back on the wire part of the earring
Excellent value -- these batteries are just as good as name brands for about half the price.  If you use a lot of AA's, this is the way to go -- made especially nice if you use them as a filler to get your shipping free on your entire order if it is hovering in the $18 range
the material is nice, but the size is too small.  I usually wear size XS for tops but for this tee, the sleeve is too short
I've taken kickboxng classes and have owned other kickboxing DVDs but did not like this one. Its boring, Kathy seems to be doing a number of the moves in an awkward manner and the other people on set are distracting -- from their outfits to their sloppy moves. Skip this one
A friend went on a trip to Costa Rica and brought this coffee back with her.  I loved it from the first cup.  I've been a Starbucks fan for a long time, but this coffee is way better than Starbucks.  I just received my first order from Cafe Britt.  It arrived very promptly and in great condition.  If you love coffee, I'd highly recommend giving this coffee a try
This book opens our eyes. Sure, we feel that we know what we should be doing. Many times we are right in our hunches. Yet, we still do not always do what needs to be done. Instead, out of either laziness or taking the easy road, we fail because it is so easy to do so. Besides, the customer will always walk in the door. Right? As this book reminds us, the customer may never be back. It is in the insight of a professioanl like Tasca that we are reminded of wehat we may already know. Again, our implementation of these rules which he explains simply, we will achieve. Another book I encourage is "Cars and People: How to Put the Two Together."
I purchased this bike for my wife It is an execelent product for the money it is very sturdy, easy to assemble (as long as your a little mechanically inclined). Its true if your less than 5'2" you will need pillows to get close enough to the pedals Im 6'2" and there is still room to move the seat back. Product arrived ahead of schudle and in good shape. My folks purchased a bike for $1200 yes it is nicer (the preset programs and overall looks)but not by much. I would buy this again if I needed to. Negatives- screen hard to read for shorter people. and you have to plug it in to a wall outlet.
We have been swaddling our 8 week old since she came home from the hospital.  We tried the Swaddle Me, but I guess she was too small (7 lbs.) We were using the Miracle Blanket which we loved.  However, as she got stronger, she was able to kick and squirm her way out.  I got worried about her safety with a loose blanket in the crib, but she really liked being swaddled.  I took out the Swaddle Me that I received at a shower and decided to try it again.  It worked like a champ, and she is sleeping 7 hours at night now!!  I stretch it so that it's as tight as possible.  I bought another one, and the velcro for the feet is bigger - even better to hold it down.  We LOVE it and highly recommend!
Pretty much sums up how I felt after 15 minutes of introductory waffle, hellishly annoying bingy bongy music and (admittedly very pretty) cut scenes, totally emotionless voice overs, impossibly slow conversations that served little or no point. ---  --- And to be honest at that point it was either switch off the psp or throw it against a wall. I decided to switch it off.  --- Now I'm a big fan of adventure games, played untold legends 1 till it gave up on me (literally left hanging around with nothing to do and no more quests on offer).  ---  --- From what I can gather, the in game graphics for Valkyrie (after 15 minutes [though it seemed like much longer]) I'd seen some really cool character graphics - bit like tekken DR in-game graphics - and some of those horrible 2d munchkin japanese rpg graphics, which are the in-game stuff. --- So the bit you play looks like it's 20 years old and should be on a gba, the cutscenes are nice but there will no doubt be far too many of those - ie: 5 minutes of slow cut scenes for every encounter. ---  --- I can't say this is a proper review as I couldn't stand this title long enough to get to any actual gameplay and there's no way I'm sitting through that intro again. ---  --- My advice, if you like the long winded old style walk-and-talk for three hours before actually doing anything, japanese rpgs. Get this (or better still go to an antiques shop and find an old text adventure).  --- If you prefer a game where you actually play the character and do stuff - avoid this like the plague. --- I've got high hopes for dungeon siege when it comes out (but then I had high hopes for valkyrie too :-( ), but for now untold legends 2 is okay, not as good as it should have been but a helluva lot more fun than valkyrie.  ---  --- I would like to point out that I've never played on a ps2, xbox or game cube - so this is the first time I've seen a valkyrie profile game. I didn't have any preconceptions, obviously if I had I'd never have gone anywhere near this title in the first place :-)
For the quality and fit of this cover the price is a bargain.  It fits very snugly and the rubberized material improves the grip.  I found the razr v3 to be akward or slippery at times and this cover takes care of that problem.  I would recommend this product highly
I love these shoes, they are so comfortable and give great support. These are my second pair. The merchant got them to me really fast and I appreciate that. Though when I ordered I thought the amazon site specified free shipping so I was surprised at that
For those who were fortunate enough to aquire one of the first two releases of the THIEF soundtrack (like myself) congratulations - you have the version of the CD that contains the best song on the soundtrack, Beach SCENE. It has been dropped for this US release. ---  --- For those who were interested in obtaining the Thief soundtrack being mainly interested in the one song, Beach SCENE (most of the other songs can be found on other Tangerine Dream albums), please realise the following differences between Beach THEME and the now dropped, Beach SCENE. ---  --- The song, Beach THEME is a much shorter track (almost by half) and there is a very cheesy, acoustic, "rock n' roll", drum beat that was mixed/dubbed over the original Beach SCENE song which has the much more mellow and less invasive electronic, sequenced drum beat in it. It's Beach SCENE that was both heard in the movie and over the airwaves back in 1981. If that is the song you remember (fell in love with) and are looking for, do NOT buy this latest release. Keep looking for those Out Of Print CDs - they are out there. ---  --- On a lighter "note", it's very nice to see they added the ending/end-credits song, CONFRONTATION. ---  --- This is a lose/win scenario for THIEF soundtrack fans - it all depends on which song is more important to you. If you already have the earlier releases with Beach SCENE on it then buying this latest version  will now complete a defninitve soundtrack for them as that last song in the movie has now finally been added to the official soundtrack
Pros : --- Just drop in some wood chips, fill the pan up and you are ready to go.   Very easy to use, not much maintenance.   I regulary pull out the electric element, put in some charcoal and use it for roasting whole chickens, roasts, etc.   I've even just used the bottom piece with charcoal as a grill and it's works great. --- You will be surprized how well the food comes out, I have smoked a few hams and friends will tell me its amazing how that little smoker will cook.  You do not need to spend a lot of time getting it fired up, as a wood smoker, and if you want, you could smoke with only wood. ---  --- Cons : --- Would like to see a temp guage on it. ---  --- Overall, you cannot lose out with this smoker, I live in a warmer climate so I have not experienced the problem of the smoker not getting hot enuoph, at times if I want to speed things up, I'll add some charcoal to it.  Can't beat it for the money, and it does not have a very large footprint at all
My entire family loved this soup.  We are fans of butternut squash soup, as well as various ginger-spiked soups, and this one does not disappoint.  It is thick, hearty and not too ginger-ish.   Highly recommended
How lame... 30 days later, no shipment, no delivery. ---  ---  --- Very disgusted. ---  --- Information about shipment        ---   --- Ship Method: USPS  --- Tracking Number: 910 --- Status: In transit  ---   Order #: 103 --- Shipment Date: Jul 17, 2005  --- Destination: West Hollywood, CA, United States  --- Estimated Arrival: Jul 26, 2005  ---   --- Date Time Location Service Area Checkpoint Details  --- Jul 19, 2005 --- US Carrier notified to pick up package  --- Jul 17, 2005 05:19:00 PM HEBRON KY US Arrival Scan  ---   ---   ---   ---  
Great product but is only $30 at iriver.com's stor
This is overall a real hoot! Anthony Hopkins is superb! "Fats" the dummy steals lots of the scenes. ---  --- The question that crosses my mind is which is more frightening the Dummy or Ann Margarett trying to act! ---  --- Burgess Meredith is great as the manager. One point of interest is the horrible score by Jerry Goldsmith.  He throws in a great harmonica riff when we see "Fats", but during some of the more "romantic " scenes the music is so cloying it would make Yanni blush. ---  --- Don,t miss the extras where they talk with the real "vent" that worked with them on the movie.  ---  --- If you like movies that are a bit "outside" this is a must have for any collection. ---  --- Pete Cavan
These gloves are well made leather gloves with an iron bar for good grip but they're very light and offer no support for the wrist or hand. In addition, the padding is very thin. I wouldn't recomend them for heavy bag or working with a trainer. They're probably fine for the speed bag.  ---  --- If you're going to use these gloves, at the very least also get yourself a pair of hand wraps or, like me, you'll probably loose some skin from your knuckles. ---  --- For not very much more money, you can get gloves that offer significantly more protection
If you enjoy the series you will love the game... as simple as that. Very entertaining. Don't miss it
Beware of  assuming that  the UV filter recommended by Amazon for a particular camera with a fixed lense size that I purchased is the correct  size.  It wasn't even close.  No size was given for the lense diameter. I returned the filter for a full refund minus my shipping & all the hassel of  packaging it
Definitely the best heating pad I've ever experienced. I'll never buy any other kind of heating pad again. This is by far the best and well worth the money. I love that it can set the temperature precisely and much higher than any other heating pads I've ever seen (that only have "high medium and low" settings, and usually the high and medium settings cause burns, or don't get hot enough, or go from barely any heat to burning!) This heating pad's lcd shows the actual temperature it's at, which is great. And yes it feels very moist, but not like you're getting dampness on your clothing. My only complaint is that it shuts off after 60 minutes. I could easily have this on all day :
But for "The Drugs don't Work," which is marginal at best,this album is boring...cookie-cutter, nothing original
I drink this green tea by Yamamotoyama for almost three years already. I am impressed by the quality and the taste.  Highly recommende
Soft, durable, breathable fabric.  Perfectly flexible for vigorous practice.  I'm glad I bought these
This is a nearly verbatim rendition of the Grimms' story, and it's hard to understand why Zelinsky would use his talent to illustrate it for children. Even harder to figure out is how the American Library Association could award its Caldecott Medal for distinguished American picture book for children to any rendition of this dreadful tale: The king threatens to kill the miller's daughter if she can't spin gold from straw. Rumpelstiltskin saves her life by spinning gold for her, but extracts a necklace, a ring and, on the third night of spinning, a promise of her firstborn. She then marries the king, whom Zelinsky depicts as young and handsome. When it comes time for the queen to hand over her newborn, Rumpel agrees to relent if the queen can discover his name. She sends a servant to follow him into the woods and discover the name. So the king, though he looks good, is greedy and brutal. The queen is a victim who agrees to give over a future infant to save her own life, and then depends on an anonymous, unrecognized "servant girl" to save the child. And Rumpelstiltskin, shown as physically unattractive and (the message seems to be) therefore bad, is the one who saved the future queen from execution and then relents on the payment he bargained for. A weird, twisted story that offers nothing for kids, illustrated with Renaissance-style pictures that accentuate the perversity by making the bad guy look good and the guy who saved the damsel in distress look bad
Every singer ends up attempting Sinatra eventually, but few manage so well....  --- John Pizzarelli has been playing jazz guitar with his legendary father, Bucky, since he was 6 years old.  --- John's latest album is Dear Mr. Sinatra, on which he plays songs written for Ol' Blue Eyes....  --- The crooner is noted for his sensitive phrasing and powerful interpretative voice, which recall the relaxed stylings of Nat "King" Cole and Chet Baker, as well as for his fluid, inventive guitar playing.  --- On this album of covers of songs made famous by Frank Sinatra, John Pizzarelli wisely avoids the pitfalls of Ol' Blue Eyes imitations in favor of his own intimate approach, best heard on the set's more relaxed arrangements.  --- My highlights are the tracks "I've Got You Under My Skin", "Nice and Easy" and "You Make Me Feel So Young".  --- Both attention-grabbing and supportive, his expertly arranged big band accompaniment likewise evokes the ring-a-ding-ding of the Rat Pack era while steering clear of mere pastiche.  --- With a total time just under 40 minutes, the program is a little short by CD standards, but the performances by John Pizzarelli and the Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra in this warm tribute to Frank Sinatra are consistently of high caliber and hit the mark every time.
I am not a student.  I wanted to read The Great Gatsby but I had no one with whom I could discuss the story.  I decided in a momentary lapse of judgment to supplement my reading with the Cliffs Notes.  Unfortunately, it was full of grammatical errors and what I found to be very superficial commentaries
Our Hungry Pelican is now on child number three and shows no signs of wear despite being a favorite crib toy for many years.   ---  --- The bright yellow velour pelican ties onto the crib railing.  His fat cheeks squeak, his wings crinkle, and his feet rattle.  He comes with four sea creatures (crab, shrimp, fish, and octopus) that are each different textures and colors, and make different sounds (rattle, rustle, etc.).  Children can put the little animals into pelican's mouth and watch them drop down into his tummy.  The large circular tummy opening allows for easy removal of the animals so play can begin all over again. ---  --- I found that babies enjoy quietly investigating the sounds, colors, and textures of the four little sea creatures.  Toddlers progress to the eating game. ---  --- I am grateful to Mr. Pelican for allowing me an extra half hour of sleep every morning.  What can be better than that! ---  ---  
This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever bought for business travelling. Very well made. I would give it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive
I got this for my 6 and 3 year olds.  They both really like it (3 year old needs help remembering which letter goes with which color).  Of course they used up the 8 designs in the first 2 days.  Hasbro.com does carry refill packs, but the website is so bad that it is hard to find them.  Don't bother searching on the word "refill"! There is a form you can print out and then mail in, but this is kind of ridiculous both in waiting and in price.  The form is under replacement parts, but it doesn't even identify what you are buying.  After digging around, I  deduced that it was refill sheets: I think 10 pictures for 6.99 including some bonus pegs?  There is an after-market web site where you can instantly purchase downloadable pictures 13 for 4.95, but you actually print them (including the black background!) on your own printer with your own ink!  Ouch.  Hasbro really disappointed me on this one.  They shuld have included at least 20 pictures with the item and should sell 40 packs replacements online for about 5.00.  Thumbs up to the toy.  Thumbs down to Hasbro.  Also, the light bulb on mine flickers all the time as if it is about to short out
Good Stuff! An excellent collection of original and classic gypsy jazz tunes, artfully performed by Jorgenson. I recommend it as an introduction to the virtuosity of John Jorgenson and the genius of Django Reinhardt
Easy, fast and serius tool, for cleaning your optics.  The easy use is discribe in the manual that is very clear to understand.  Cleaning is fast with the Nikon lens pen, cuase it has the necesary to do the job well done, as any profesional tool.  Now I have 2 of them, for my two camera bags. 
I needed to have an s-video feed from my classroom computer to a projector and to a TV/Monitor.   This proved to be the most cost-effective solution to the problem.  It works just as hoped
This pack of mac and cheese had an expiration date of 10/31/06.  Not that we're talking about the most nutritious food to start out with anyway, but I hate paying for items at/near their expiration date.  I expected some reasonable amount of shelf life
Seeing a 1 year old little girl playing these instruments is hysterical!  My niece absolutely loved them.  She had such an easy time handling them because they are her size, which is unusual.  All other instrument toys are so much larger and it's hard for them to hold on to them while trying to play them! The smiles and giggles are worth everything
I Never Loved A Man The Way I Love You, what more can you say about the greates soul album of all time. This album released all of the music in Aretha that was screaming to be released. It displayed a very mature Aretha with complex emotions, very everyday lyrics, ones that make you say, oh yeah girl, lol. but also a delivery that the average person couldn't lay down and dream about pulling off. This is just testiment that, even at such a young age, she was THE QUEEN
This just to voice my opinion on the new RAN transfer. While I agree it is an improvement over the atrocious Fox Lorber edition (which is not that great an achievement considering the Fox Lorber DVD was one of the worst products in the history of home entertainment), this tranfer is still a long way from doing this masterpiece justice. Yes, the colors are vivid but the sharpness and definition are exceptionally poor and the heavy edge enhancement (straight from hell!) doesn't make it any better. I have seen transfers of movies that are some 30 or 40 years older than RAN but look far better. The problem becomes very obvious when one watches this DVD via progressive component output on a large screen - a video tape was used as a master (and a poor one at that). The only way to restore such an important movie properly and thereby finally showing Mr. Kurosawa the respect he deserves would have been to make a direct digital transfer off an original film negative, before applying filters or any enhancements. Why this opportunity was (again) wasted here escapes me totally and angers me very much. Another problem seems to be the excessive use of noise reduction on the video, which is in part responsible for the poor definition of the transfer. For my part, I would much sooner live with a bit of visible film grain and the odd dust speckle than to have a such a "saucy" soft picture without much "bite" and detail. There is no excuse for posting such an objectively false statement. And yes, the packaging is a liability - my DVDs must have been bobbing about in there all the way across the Atlantic and looked accordingly. Shocking. I would have gladly payed twice the price if they had kept all the cards and posters and instead got the most important thing right: the image quality of RAN. Like this, I'm very disappointed
I'm new to the digital SLR world. I had been using the built in flash on my Rebel XT. The built-in flash had done alright, but was nothing to write home about. Since I had spent most of my money on the camera, I needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done. This flash met both requirements. IF you are an advance user, you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features. Yet, if you a newbie like me, this flash is GREAT! It has improved my picture quality dramaticly.
From a subscription point of view (about $12/yr directly) this magazie is a decent value.  While half the information is fluff (looking back - 15 years of innovation, etc.) there is some timely relevant information hard to find easily in a consolidated way.  The focus is not just on laptops but mobile solutions - this includes peripherals, PDAs, mobile phones among others.  There is some opinion (RIAA vs Sirius) but the focus seems to be vendor/advertiser driven. ---  --- For example, the cover story of the Mar 2006 issue is on First Four Core Duo notebooks.  They review Centrino Duo notebooks from Acer, Dell, Gateway and HP.  They run benchmark tests and provide charts, etc.  Fairly useful info.  Except they don't give the information consistently.  The weight of Dell laptop is not even mentioned while those of others is.  They do mention a few cons for each notebook but do it gently without a strong opinion. Two of the four systems reviewed are selected as Editors' Choice. The other two still are rated well.   There is no single table that compares them all in a single view.  You get the feeling, they were trying to please the advertisers and avoided any direct head-on comparision between multiple products. ---  --- I disagree with their choices as well.  How could the Editors' choice be a 6.6lbs laptop from Acer that has an average battery life just because it offers some value? ---  --- In the same Mar 2006, there is a review of Windows Treo 700W; a showdown between slim   phones Moto RAZR V3c and Samsung MM-A900; a short test of Nokia's pocket Internet Appliance and Kodak's first dual-lens digicam; Wifi routers; list of restaurants for business  travelers;   etc. ---  --- For a $1/month, I recommend this to anyone who travels a lot and is looking for a quick update on the mobile computing world.  If you want in-depth technical info, stick to Toms Hardware or other web sites
Feinstein is in love with the Gershwins and that passion is never made clearer than in Pure Gershwin.  Michael's love affair with Ira's lyrics, his reckless abandon to the light-hearted spirit of the familiar -- and  lesser known --phrases, more than makes up for the less polished vocal  production in this early album.  In fact, it is that very element that  sells these songs as I've never heard them elsewhere.  Michael pulls out  all stops, embracing the less-than-lily-white additional verses of  "Embraceable You", with the unbridled passion of a first time  lover.  His duet with Rosie Clooney arrouses my curiosity about the movie  in which this unknown number made its debut.  What a delightful approach  Michael demonstrates throughout....  Oh, to be that young and exuberant  about life, love and music again
The ME-1 provides a modest 1.2x magnification for viewfinders on Olympus's E-300 and E-500 cameras. Ideally, this would allow sharper manual focusing and more precise framing. Unfortunately, this did not happen when I used the ME-1 to make a number of trial images with my E-500, so I will be returning the ME-1 for a refund. (For the record, I wear prescription eyeglasses while shooting, with my "shooting eye" corrected to 20/20 vision.)  ---  --- Like other folks, I find the E-500 viewfinder a trifle small so that it's not always easy to frame a shot and see exposure data at the same time. The camera must also be pressed against your face when framing, which is not always comfortable.  ---  --- In some ways, the ME-1 created more problems than it solved. The ME-1 kept the camera further from my face (though it seemed to bump harder against my glasses), but at the cost of *narrowing* my angle of vision in the viewfinder. Divide the viewfinder into four equal columns and rows so you have eight squares. The four squares in the middle of the viewfinder were easily visible, but those along the sides, top, and bottom were *less* visible than before, the corners considerably less. To frame a shot, I had to move my eye around the viewfinder much more with the ME-1 than without it. To see exposure data, I had to shift my eye almost completely away from the image. More hassle than I need when shooting in the field. ---  --- Fortunately, there is another option that works for me. The E-300 and E-500 come with an EP-5 eyecup, which is definitely too small for my taste. But a larger eyecup is also available, the EP-6. The EP-6 keeps the camera a little further from my face. And with the viewfinder diopter properly adjusted (a critical step no one seems to mention), the EP-6 allows me to see both the entire image and exposure data without shifting my eye very much at all.  ---  --- All of this will vary from person to person, of course, and there may be circumstances when the ME-1 is exactly what's needed -- so two rather than one star. But not in standard shooting conditions, especially if you need to compose, set exposure, and shoot quickly
Because you can't give negative stars, I'll give this product one star.  I bought this product instead of the AbLounge because it could actually support a plus sized weight. ---  --- I'm glad this product was cheap, because it was the worst exercise machine I ever bought.  Everytime I swing on it, I feel it creak and wobble. I feel like its going to break under me each time I use it. ---  --- It makes a better decoration then it does an exerciser.  I've been useing it for a few months, and all its done is make me feel akward. ---  --- Don't buy this product if your plus size.  If your not plus size, go get the 210 lbs weight limited Ab Lounger Jack Knife System thing.  If your are of plus size, order THE BEAN full body (I just did)
I've had this phone for approx. 9 months now, maybe longer...and I truly don't know how I've stood using this dual phone system for so long.  However, tonight I've taken a giant step "upward" towards better quality and design with the Panasonic KX-TG 5432M dual system.   ---  --- This dual handset is the worst I've ever experienced in a cordless system.  From the moment I set it up, the static has been atrocious.  Step away from the base unit over ten feet and it sounds like someone gargling gravel or a mad cat hissing in your ear.  I can't even step into my attached garage to talk with someone without major static to the point of not even being able to be heard by the other person.  Even within six feet of the base I receive intermittent static that becomes obnoxious and distracting, not only to me, but to the other person on the other end...for they hear it too. I will never purchase another uniden product, if this is the non-quality of product they put out.  I had a 2.4 mhz system that would outshine this system...and I wish I'd never gotten rid of it. ---  --- As the title says...If you desire a lot of static when you talk on a phone, this is the system you need to bring that crackling symphony of music to your ear. The melodic consistancy this system creates in ones enjoyment of talking on the phone will not put you to sleep, but rather increase your aggravation of dealing with what sounds like a major electrical storm going on inside your head. Uniden should be ashamed of this product. ---  --- Stepping down from the soapbox now..
Just the right size snack pack for my 17-month old.  Healthier alternative to other packaged crackers without sacrificing taste
Its a shame they quit carrying it. I would have reordered twice by now
i purchased this watch expecting an inexpesive one, which i got. but i recieved more than that, it was cheap in price but definately not cheap in quality. my watch has held up to drenching rains and with stood the "water resistant up to 50.00 meters" label with ease. very comfortable, easy to reset, and has all the bells and whistles. i love it!!
title says it all. Dont purchase this to use with the Thule T2.
I have used McAfee antivirus for years and it is an excellent product.  I bought the suite this time and found it will not allow you to run a different firewall (ZoneAlarm) in my case.  That is the only negative I have found so far.  The McAfee firewall seems sufficient so far
 ---    My pain management Dr. said this was the best bike to pick with the least amount of pain I could choose
I bought this as a present for my mother but tried it first to be sure it was worth the money.  It really is!  After using this the recomended 15 minuets, my feet felt just like they did when I had a professional foot massage!  I highly recomend this for anyone who enjoys having thier feet massaged
I used this software to do a scrapbook for my mother for her birthday.  --- First of all the software takes up a HUGE amount of space! Like 1600MB. The program is so slow and I have a relatively new computer. After about 4 pages in one file it becomes impossible to work with and then crashes. I had two files - 6 pages - crash and the work was gone. All the work gone. The text editor will add typos and put in and take out spaces. Sometimes it works great other times you have to restart your computer. Once it added bright green lines where I had added all of the embellishments to the page - everything other than the background. I had to redo it. Piece of JUNK! but what does print on a color laser - don't try it with inkjet - looks great
This software is a waste of money to say the least. The templates on this software are terrible and ugly. You are lucky if you have five good templates to choose from. If you are looking for something quick and easy to use this is not it.You have to format everything. Please don't make the same mistake I made. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 --- There's nothing like grabbing a warm totally sanitized toothbrush. I have used this for years after I saw the inventor on 20/20 I had to try it out. It works great! Its like using a new toothbrush everyday. Well worth it
I was disappointed with this longer version of The Mill on the Floss.  I thought, being BBC and a long version it would be a definitive one, but I have to agree with the other reviewer.  This version left out some very important events, and emotions seemed washed out rather than passionate and moving. I like long movies, but this dragged because it just doesn't hold your attention.  The 1997 Masterpiece Theatre version is so much more powerful, and keeps all important events intact, spending less time on Maggie's mother worrying about the fate of her china, and more on character and plot development, with a very haunting score.  I really hope the other version is released on DVD-if so, I will probably donate this one to the library, because I can't quite see myself rewatching it. I would rather read the book, instead
If I can't buy the cd with ALL THE SONGS that were played in the movie then I won't buy it. I know one cd could cover the entire movie so why can't this be done? Does it concern copy rights and releases
Back in the early 90's, Jane March made a big splash internationally with her uninhibited performance in the sexually explicit The Lover. Granted, the role didn't give her much to work with, but from a physical standpoint she made a big impression on a lot of filmgoers, including me. The movie garnered her a lot of notoriety and she had every opportunity to use that as a spring-board into a legitimate movie career. Unfortunately, choosing the unbelievably stupid Bruce Willis vehicle Color of Night as her follow-up probably killed any chance at a career that she had.  ---  --- I've always found erotic thrillers to be quite a dubious genre. Most of the ones that I've seen, while sexually explicit, aren't really erotic. Nor are they thrilling in any way. This movie was following on the heals of the tremendous success of Basic Instinct and almost every studio was chomping at the bit to come out with something similar. As a result we ended up with some terrible films like Sliver, Jade, Body of Evidence and this film, Color of Night.  ---  --- The plot goes something like this. Bruce Willis is a psychiatrist who has a patient dive out of his office window, going splat on the sidewalk below. He is so traumatized by the incident that he loses the ability to see the color red(!). He decides to take a break by visiting his psychiatrist friend played by Scott Bakula and hanging out with Scott's therapy group. He hopes that he might be able to make some sense as to what has happened. Scott's group is a motley crew of screwed up people, from a woman who is nymphomaniac, to a weird androgynous young boy. Bruce ends up meeting a beautiful young woman played by the delectable Jane March and he quickly falls in love with her. We get treated to explicit scenes of the two of them screwing in the pool, the bedroom, the bathtub and the shower. Meanwhile someone murders Scott Bakula and starts to wreck havoc with Bruce. He tries to figure out if it's someone in Scott's therapy group and on and on and so forth.  ---  --- The movie is really quite laughable due to the fact of how serious Bruce Willis was apparently taking this movie. Virtually everyone else in the movie seems to have their tongue planted in their cheeks with their performances, but Bruce seemed to think that this might be an Oscar contender. Add to the fact that the plot is absolutely atrocious and contrived beyond comprehension, and add way too many red herrings, and the movie quickly becomes a chore to watch.  ---  --- About the only thing this movie really had going for it was the explicit, but decidedly unerotic sex scenes. They really come across as more silly than anything else.  ---  --- The only thing that I enjoyed was getting to see a slightly older Jane March in the buff and looking better than ever. What a smoking body! ---  --- But, like I mentioned before, she got a lot of the blame along with Bruce as to why the movie turned out so terrible and as a result, she has appeared in very few movies since. I still think that if she had been given the proper chance, she could have been a great actress, but people have all but forgotten about her by now.  ---  --- It's really surprising that this movie didn't kill Bruce Willis' career. But I guess if he could survive Hudson Hawk & Bonfire of the Vanities, he could survive anything.  ---  --- BTW, the version I watched was listed as being the "R-rated director's cut" with 17 additional "steamy" minutes added back into the film. Since I never saw the original cut I couldn't tell what might have been added back into this version. There is some fairly explicit sexual content and a shot of full frontal Bruce Willis nudity in the pool scene but nothing that's too strong. ---  --- Avoid this movie like it was herpes.  ---  --- Color of Night is rated R and contains strong sexual content, nudity, graphic violence and strong language.
I found the pendant to be too large the for delicate chain it hangs from, and the pendant is flat and thin.  I will be returning it
In seeking to develop my own grant writing course, I reviewed 20 books on Amazon.  I was sold on this one by its extremely high Amazon.com Sales Rank...probably the highest of this category. ---  --- Nevertheless, I was shocked and taken aback by a comment on the introduction page, that harkened back to my eighth-grader days: "You'll learn that in grant writing you especially need to cultivate two abilities: meeting deadlines and following directions."   ---  --- Despite the obvious comprehensiveness of the materials presented in the book from Ms Burke-Smith's experience, I don't know who's responsible for the talking-down attitude presented here.   ---  --- This is my first EVERYTHING title, and I don't know if all EVERYTHING titles are like this, or if it's from award-winning business writer Ms Tremore. ---  --- All I know is after getting such an Introduction, what reader would wish to proceed into the book's depths with that kind of attitude by one's hoped-for mentors?
My favorite evening cuppa.  Helps me to gently relax and drift into an evening of restful sleep.  I'm delighted that Amazon is now offering it, as I previously had to travel to Seattle to buy it.  It's got a memorably pleasant vanilla aroma, looks gorgeous in a tin, and brews up marvelously.  Delightful
My grill isn't a Webber, but I was still able to get it installed by cutting the top of the metal covering the electrode to make room for the burners. ---  --- Lights the grill everytime
best practice pad I've ever used. The feel on it is great when sticking. The rim is actual height to practice rim shots, and you can mount it to a stand. There's no pad that I've felt that lets you practice more easily than an actual drum
After reading the numerous positive reviews for this phone, I purchased.  Here are the main issues I have found with this phone:  1) The buttons are too small, particularly the main control button.  You have to used the side of your fingers to ensure that you do not hit too buttons at the same time. And, believe me, I do not have very large hands.  2) If you have quite a few contacts in your phone, you will be irritated by the delay when you scroll down quickly to select a contact.  You will notice that if you are not careful, you will dial the wrong contact due to the delay when scrolling and selecting quickly, so if this is you, be aware.  3) You must open the cover and look inside to see if you have missed a call or have a message.  VERY INCONVENIENT!!  There is no indication to show this on the top screen, only the inside screen.  4) On occasion, the display on the outside of the phone stops working entirely.  What you just need to do is power the phone down and they back up again.  Not optimal, and I probably just got a bad phone, but I am just waiting for the situation to get more frequent, so I can then deal with the likely nightmare of having to get a replacement phone from Motorola.  NOTE:  I have no personal vendetta against Motorola, but wanted to provide some real feedback rather than all just rosey stuff I bought into before purchasing
i really liked this swing--i have the older model papasan swing, nothing was wrong with it i just wanted the new model. --- i loved the pink and the fact that i could plug it in
Clif Bars are amoung the best tasting energy bars I have ever tried. They may not pack as many calories or grams of protein as other brands, but there have been times where I could not even finish a competeing bar because of dismal taste or texture
Set against the backdrop of the Spanish Civil War, "Talk of Angels" could have been provocative and sweeping, but it settles for little more than standard-issue Governess Falls for The Rich Guy romance. Vincent Perez has a smoldering presence, but the beautiful Polly Walker is as flat on screen as a Fascist protest poster. The two have little chemistry. The result: a stilted and perfunctory outing. The only saving grace is the always wonderful Frances McDormand, whose hard-bitten, love-struck fellow governess offers a sad little bit of zest
The Animals, a group that included Eric Burdon and Alan Price, were the first major pop stars to emerge from Newcastle, a city located about 300 miles north of London, therefore far removed from where most talent scouts were searching. It is fortunate for us all that the Animals were discovered because they recorded some of the best R+B music to come of the UK in the sixties.  ---  --- Their biggest hit was House of the rising sun, a re-working of a folk song (apparently inspired by Josh White's version of the song) that gave them a transatlantic number one hit. They had five other top ten UK hits with Mickie Most, these being I'm crying, Don't let me be misunderstood (a cover of a Nina Simone song), Bring it on home to me (a Sam Cooke cover), We gotta get out of this place (the version included here is the UK version - a markedly different recording was released in America but was unavailable for inclusion in this set) and It's my life. ---  --- Apart from their singles, the Animals recorded many other covers including Boom boom, Dimples, I'm mad again (all John Lee Hooker), Around and around, Memphis Tennessee, How you've changed (all Chuck Berry), I'm in love again, I've been around (both Fats Domino), Talking about you, Hallelujah I love her so and I believe to my soul (all Ray Charles). These covers clearly demonstrate what their main influences were, but they also wrote some of their own songs. ---  --- All the music I've mentioned so far and much more can be found on this excellent compilation. Nevertheless, despite the title of the compilation, it isn't actually their complete recordings - there is a sub-text explaining that these are the complete recordings that they made with Mickie Most as producer, although the liner notes describe their whole career. After the split, they switched to another record label, where they had some success using the name Eric Burdon and the Animals, including two more UK top ten hits (Don't bring me down, San Franciscan nights) and several lesser hits, all of which can be found elsewhere (search for Eric Burdon). Alan Price left the group before the split with Mickie Most and had several hits as a solo singer. These are also outside the scope of this collection but are easy to find. ---  --- This complete collection (apart from the American version of We've got to get out of this place) of the first and most important part of the Animals' career may be more than some people want - there are single CD collections available if you just want the hits - but if, like me, you like to explore beyond the hits, this is for you
I recently started a diet where I could only eat the egg white, not the yolk because of the fat content. I make a fruit smoothie every morning using egg whites as my protein source. The powdered egg whites have simplified my mornings and saved me alot of time in the kitchen (anyone who has spent time seperating eggs knows what I'm talking about)...not to mention not having to worry about salmonella anymore. I also saved a boatload of money compared to buying the whole eggs. This is a fantastic product and well worth the cost
It's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer. Yeah, maybe my fish can get a record deal: They "sing" in tone, can breath, but refue to lip-synch(I know it sounds gay). This is just sad because bands that PLAY THEIR OWN INSTRUMENTS, WRITE THEIR OWN SONGS, and PERFORM THEIR OWN SONGS can pretty much get almost no attention. Let's take the band King's X: Doug Pinnick (vocals/bass) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about God (King's X is a Christian band); Ty Tabor (guitar/vocals) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably don't know; and Jerry Gaskill (drums/vocals) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people (I know a lot more people than that like KX; I'm just exagerating) seem to like this band. It's sad. If you want good music, listen to the band I just menioned (King's X if you weren't paying attention). --- (If amazon doesn't post this I will SERIOUSLY get POed!
When my house painter couldn't figure out how to use the nozzle, he somehow took apart the hose and lost one of the parts.  I looked everywhere on-line for a replacement part, but could not find anything.  Finally, I called Hozelock in New York and they sent me a replacement part.  They charged me about $6 for shipping a part that cost about $3.  The system can't be used with a regular sprayer or a regular sprinkler.  Also, it is hard to reel the hose in.  Overall, I don't think this item is worth the cost.  If you need to call Hozelock their number is 1-800-297-7461
I thought this might taste like parmeson crisps you get in restaurants. --- I was wrong. They taste burnt and are hard to swallow even when chewed thouroughly. Also, Still had quite a bit of sodium
Dear Amazon, ---      My new royal blue Armour duffle bag is the best travel bag I have ever owned.  It is durable beyond anything I have ever had and its design is beautiful with the honey combed stiching and perfectly balanced color design of blue and black.  I actually ordered a small royal blue carry-on duffle directly from Under Armour so the two match and I am utterly pleased.  Under Armour is definitely a KEEPER!!!!! ---  ---                                  Andrew Gonzale
Caine's book is by far the most practical book on acting I've read, and I've read a few.  Some are very beautifuly written, poetic and psychological, but for someone who really wants to learn something about acting for film, I would recommend this book first.  It is at times bleakly honest but highly readable.  If you've done any acting, you'll find yourself nodding frequently
I just got the whole set of geotrax and really think they look great and way cheaper than Thomas however the round housecan only hold one train at a time so it derails the train if you have more than one locomotive. they really need to add the reverse as well so they kids and me ( mom ) LOL can really make use of all the options. However, overall I really love this toy but yes I had to convert my office room into the Geotrax room. be ready to do this if not stick to the basic set up. Its very hard though since it all is so coo
I loved my 4.1mp Sony Cypershot I got for Christmas in 2005. Then a few days after Christmas in 2006 the screen was getting these fuzzy lines in it. If I would tap the camera they would go away. But then a few days later I was taking pictures and the camera just stopped working. It would turn on but then shut off. I had this problem before with low batteries but I changed them and it still didn't work. It would let me review pictures but not take them and now it wont turn on at all and the lens is stuck out. So many other people have had this exact problem after just one year of use. SO SAD CAMERA DEA
This kit conveniently contains 20 sheets of photo paper. Unfortunately, Kodak doesn't contain an ink cartridge for them. ---  --- Fine, I thought, I'll buy a separate cartridge. Guess what? You can't! Kodak only sells cartridges bundled with paper so you will be forced to use their paper. Why do they sell paper separately but not ink cartridges? Seems pretty dirty
I received this product as a X-Mas gift this year. I really do like it, considering the last two Philosophy products I did not care for (The Gingerbread Man Bodywash and Amen Cologne). Out of the tube, it's a little thick, but you only need a thin layer to do the trick. It offers up a nice smooth shave, and my skin feels soft and moisturized afterward. Definitely a keeper..
I have a bag of Orville Redenbacher's Natural  Popcorn every night.  I have done this for years (I'm 76).  Orville's Popcorn is the best.  I love it
This is a really comfortable, and it's very protective, especially in high winds.  It keeps you war, and it looks good,  i personally added new patches to my jacket, its looks really good!!!  This is a good buy!!  You should get this Jacket
The guy below is right.  The blades are so far down it won't cut anything but really long hairs.  How could this make it through any product test?  I tossed mine in the garbage.
I've owned this toy for a few weeks and have given up on it.  At first this toy was a little fun and I was optimistic about getting it to handle correctly.  I'd adjust the top screw to trim it from spinning clockwise or counter clockwise and everything.  This gets old after doing it every time after a charge. Next, using the forward and backward control doesn't work that well. Also, it will drop out of the sky or do something weird every now and then.  All in all I wouldn't buy it again, especially at the higher price it is currently going for.  Try the smaller havoc, it seems to handle a little better (Youtube has a few movies of it flying).  [...]
If you really love sports, there is no finer magazine than SI. ---  --- The breadth and depth of the coverage is unequalled by any other mag. ---  --- The pics are the best on earth. ---  --- The writing is tops. ---  --- Sign me up for another 24 months
I recently converted to using powder makeup.  I am hooked. I didn't tell anyone I was using it.  My son was the first person to tell me how nice I looked!  That truly made my day and was all the convincing I needed.  I absolutely love it because it is flawless and does not feel "goopy" like liquid foundation
I was shocked to open this book and find the author's words targeting the very soul of my writing. It is a book about craft, not a pop culture "I wanna write a book" manual.Gerard shows a great understanding of the motivation behind the need and desire to write well. He speaks to those who are willing to put effort and excellence where their pen meets the page.I heartily recommend this book
I spent a lot of money on this product & waited with anticipation for it to arrive. When I applied it, it did nothing to "create" curl and didn't even define the curls that I already had. My hair was limp and frizzy by days end. It smelled nice & that's about it. Cheap-o Suave gel or mousse works better and creating and holding curl
This movie has a very high "cheese" factor. The most glaring example being when the Notre Dame player scores a touchdown in the 1928 Army game after Rock's rousing "Win One for the Gipper" speech, looks to the sky and says "That's one for the Gipper!" That aside, this is a great movie! It is way better than "Rudy"!!! After all, Rudy's Notre Dame playing career lasted less than even 30 seconds!!! This is the story of the story of the one man who actually BUILT the program for crying out loud!!!! If it wasn't for Rock, Rudy would have never happened! I'll take this story over the one about a hapless janitor any day!!!
65,000 BTU -- Loud, hot, powerful enough to cook as many French fries as you can cut -- all at once, and keep the oil at 375 degrees effortlessly.  The best fried fish you've ever had, cooked in about 2 minutes.  Fried calamari in about 30 seconds.  Probably the best $49.95 purchase you could make for the kitchen.  (Okay, the warning says to use it outdoors, and to have a fire extinguisher handy.)  Cook with a wok the way it was meant to cook -- get the peanut oil smoking in about 20 seconds.  A bit of a pain to store, and the flame control is rather crude, but man this thing is one hot burner.  Burner ring is reversible to hold woks with the concave ring and a big flat pot (for deep-frying a turkey) with the other side
I own a couple of tambourines, but have played a few. This one is light, bright and kinda cool looking. The inward placement of the handle allows it to be played windshield wiper style, with the wrist, or a combination of both allowing for great speed and variety. You can also get two different soundings hits whether you use the inner or the outer ring. Hit the inner ring for a more open sound and the outer for a more dry and close one. All in all a nice tambourine specially for the price
I was very happy to discover that I could purchase an Asian Cabbage Patch Girl doll...it was for a little Korean girl....the doll pictured on the website looked like the little girl that it was purchased for (the hair). Well, I was excited to find one and I wanted to make sure that I would receive it in time to wrap it and mail it to Texas in time for Christmas.  I ordered in on the 27th and received it on Dec. 1st (I paid for faster shipping).  When I opened the box it was an Asian doll but not the one with the ponytails...this doll had short hair.  I called Amazon immediately and although they expressed being sorry they said that they could not guarantee that it wouldn't happen again. I have used Amazon before with no problems but I am extremely unhappy with the bait and switch.  I should have read the other reviews.  I will never let that happen again.  BEWARE...do not order things of this nature from this website.  You will be disappointed
I bought this product and the accuracy depends on having good test strips. --- I simultaneously had bloodwork at the Doctor's office when I did the test. --- Except for the total cholesterol, all the other tests were off.  The manual states to check for the blue color at the back of the test strips after the test is done.  Except for total cholestrol the other test strips did not have a blue color.  The test strips which are expensive were bad. I am planning on returning this produc
Great movie for all ages. Our family realy enjoyed this movie. Highly recomend
I purchased this table from another vendor--the table top was welded poorly and tilted down at such an angle when it was put together that anything you set on it would fall off.  It also does not support nearly the weight that it is listed to support.  The table bounced up and down easily if you put any pressure on the table top.  I promptly returned this table
This seems to be a pretty low-quality item.  I love Zelda, for certain.  But, it seems that it is more of a toy sword than a replica of any kind. Unless I missed something and Link's sword really did have a plastic handle
Bought this for my wife. She loves it. Perfect for a first time "Bounty Hunters".  It works very well for anyone that doesn't need all the professional features
Purchased a printer dock and camera bundle, from a local office supply store for $100. It only came with a 10 picture sample cartridge, so I purchsed this from amazon. Amazon had the best price around on this item and free shipping. It works great. No complaints. The paper is not quite as shiny and or as thick as the epson photo glossy paper that I still use for some pictures, but works well for my classroom, to give to my students. The pictures do not run like some inkjet pictures do if you accidentally drip water on them
It all started with John Malkovich. Me seeing the movie I mean, not the film itself. I was scanning through Malkovich's filmography and saw this film in their. I had heard of the film, but had no idea what it was about but I checked it out. Malkovich is close to top billing, but his role is really small...Having said that, this was an amazing film. Truly a work of art. The movie stars Sam Waterston ('Serial Mom') playing Sydney Schanberg, a New York Times columnist who heads to Cambodia on the brink of war. Bombs have been dropped, labor camps have been set up and Schanberg wants to write about all of it. When he gets there he meets Dith Pran (Haing S. Ngor, who won an Oscar for the role), who becomes his friend and interpreter. Malkovich plays Schanberg's photographer Al Rockoff; His role is brief, but he leaves his mark. After Schanberg's war entraps himself and his fellow journalists, Pran saves him from being executed but is himself placed in a labor camp. The script is based on a New York Times article by Schanberg called The Death and Life of Dith Pran. When I saw that, I figured this would be a rather depressing story. Truth is, the film is quite uplifting. The choice to use John Lennon's "Imagine" for the final scene was perfect. Anyway, back to the synopsis...Schanberg is back in New York, while Pran slaves at the labor camp. Schanberg has no idea whether Pran is alive or dead, but doesn't give up on the idea of one day reuniting with his friend. Most films that take place in this setting, I'm not a big fan of. I'm not saying I didn't like these films, but movies like The Constant Gardener and Beyond Borders are a bit like this movie. Although, for the record, this film is way better. Having said those last two things I was surprised that I liked this film. Whether you're a fan of these kinds of movies or not, you need to see this. It's an important and uplifting movie, that no one should not see. ---  --- GRADE: A
I've been very critical of the fiction work of John Grisham in recent years and have said many times that he needed to take more time to write his novels to make the stories more interesting.  Well, he has taken time off of writing novels to write this interesting, if not spectacular non-fiction work of the trials and tribulations of Ronald Williamson, a former minor league baseball player implicated in a murder and sentenced to death row.  I won't go into the details of Williamson's ordeal, but I will say that Grisham has written a pretty cut-and-dried book, that probably would have been handled better by career crime writers, but is still interesting nonetheless.  He does a good job giving the details of Ron's case and what he and his family had to go through as events unfolded and Ron suffered from growing mental issues.  Grisham didn't even think about writing Ron's story until after Ron passed away, so there are no interviews to draw upon, but he does a decent job of tying it all together.  I will also say that although he is anti-death penalty, he doesn't hammer that opinion at you.  He lets the story itself do the talking. ---  --- I'm actually interested in how this book will impact the quality of Grisham's next novel, as he'll have actually gone almost 3 years between novels by that time.  Hopefully the break will result in a more classic work like "The Firm" or "A Time to Kill", not dreck like "The King of Torts"
Of 12 batteries I purchased, 2 of them were leaking in the box. I would rate these higher except that I also purchased 20 AAAs and 12 of them were leaky. I imagine I was just lucky that only 2 of this size leaked. Take the fact that most of these batteries will be bad when you compare prices. I paid $4.99/4-pack which is a good price as long as more than half of them survive (whick may not be very likely)
4 months into it and it stops playing, jams up and i can't remove the cassette or any or the Cd's.....won't ever but Pioneer again
i'm black, have kinky hair, and i've been relaxing my hair for about 25 years. i've used many many types of relaxers to my dismay:- hair falling out, breaking, dry, etc. --- so i let my hair "rest" for about 5 years then i tried the relaxer thing again after i found phyto. i've been doing my own hair now for about 1 year, and it's been great!- except for the price. my hair still feels as if it has life in it, it it is not breaking, it is not falling out. it burns like regular straightener. i use vinegar to neutralize it, then use the neutralizing shampoo with indicator to check for pink. please, there's not enough neutralizing shampoo to get rid of the staraightener. --- the price is scary, but i'm more afraid of having my hair fall out and having to fix that.  --- soon, i'll have to get a hairdresser though, because my hair has now been retaining it's length and growing - and it's harder to straighten it myself.
During the winter months I have flaky skin under my beard and on my face.  This product has prevented that problem the last 3 winters that I've used it.  I'd recomend for that use.  I don't think it has much of a scent at all.  Certainly not like most soaps and skin care products. 
I received this as a Christmas gift and loved the smell of it.  After my second time using it, I broke out in a terrible itchy rash. There is a warning on the bottle that it may cause skin and urinary tract irritation.  Do not buy it if you have even mildly sensitive skin.  The smell is great, but is gone after you get out of the shower.
My son is not actually anywhere close to understanding the concept of this, but my impression is that it is VERY simple to clean up (which I LOVE the idea of).  It seems comfy, he sits in it often and plays with it sometimes :
After my husband and I put this together using the TERRIBLE directions, we've been using this as a free-standing bassinet for the past 5 months (not attached to the bed, as some people do).  My daughter has been sleeping in it just fine.  However, we attempted to fold it up to take it with us on a weekend away from home recently.  What a nightmare to collapse!  Again, the directions are of absolutely no help.  It was impossible to get the whole thing into the carrying case and get it zipped up.  Also, this thing weighs a ton.  I now realize I need to buy something else to use when travelling.  How annoying.  Bottom line:  if you're going to set this up and never take it down, it's fine (once you initially get it put together, that is).  However,  if you think you'd like to use this on an occasional overnight trip away from home,  forget it! 
This was actually the first Kellerman novel I read and I found it kind --- of dull at first, but that's only because I didn't know any of the --- situations or people among whom I was thrust. After reading a couple --- earlier books, I have re-read this one and I now find it interesting. --- So, I would really have to recommend that one tries to read the series --- more or less in order. ---  --- This one starts out with Alex Delaware seeing a new girlfriend named --- Allison. Robin has married another man after some ten (?) years with --- Alex. [I haven't read the one where she actually leaves yet (unless this --- is the first mention of it), but if she broke his heart ... !] See, I --- had no idea who Robin was first time I read this - makes a difference. --- The cuuuuute little dog named Spike makes an appearance too. First time --- I read it, he was just an irritating little squirt, but now I know just --- how adorable he can really be and it was nice seeing him again. ---  --- Alex's police pal Milo is a lieutenant now and can pick and choose his --- cases. He and Alex are together when they come across a grisly --- crime scene. A young couple has been brutally murdered and the woman can --- not even be identified. Milo draws Alex into the investigation and it --- gets complicated. Everything seems to lead back to the dead boy's --- psychologist and when she turns up murdered too, things really start --- cooking with gas! ---  --- I adore Detective Milo Sturgis. I know Alex is the star, but I can't --- help it. Milo is such a great character
I've had a very difficult time finding an alarm clock with the bright indiglo light. So I was happy to find this one. However, with my first "Eagle" the alarm didn't go off. Amazon was great about the exchange for a new one (kudos). My repacement is a disappointment in that sometimes the backlight won't light up and I have to hit the clock on the bottom to get the light to go on. I second the others raters who have complained about the bad viewing angle. The loud alarm almost gave me and my wife a heart attack the first morning, but I put a piece of scotch tape over it and that seem to tame it enough.
Being a preschool teacher I use these all of the time. I have found that taking the sheets out individually clipping them to the easels clip to be the best way to work with them. Even if you don't have an easel these are wonderful for children of all ages. Large, unlined sheets of paper encourage children to be creative and to express themselves in a completely original way. For infants, toddlers, and preschoolers I will often tape the sheets to the table and let them color/paint/glue to their hearts delight
For some reason the product was not delivered, UPS returned it.  This was send for charity.  After many emails and phone calls, the company refuses to respond or refund the money. SHipping was more than the product
This is an outstanding documentary of the campaign team that changed presidential campaigning.  One does not need to love the results of these changes (I personally believe that this campaign was the beginning of the end of democracy as we know it, even as I marveled at the talent and loved the outcome of the election) to appreciate how Clinton's 1992 campaign, as seen in this film, changed the American political world.  ---  --- "War Room" should be seen along with more recent documentaries (like, for example, "Staffers '04") to see the difference between a campaign that used techniques to achieve a goal and campaigns that use the same techniques as the goal (to be elected rather than to govern).  Hopefully, it will encourage you to do what you can to return political campaigns to discussions of ideas rather than the useless, mind-numbing, dumbing down assessments of candidate traits (like "character" or "integrity") we seem to have resorted to in the past ten years
works as a good lip balm but i didt really see a difference in the size of my lips, wouldnt buy it again.
All there products are great! They smell good and are good. Lathering is a more work but thats because they're natural. I use them on my babies and toddlers
This is my first camcorder, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I've enjoyed it so far. It's easy to use. The picture quality seems high.  The only minor problem I've found is with the headphone input.  Had to try three different sets of headphones before I could find one that would fit into the narrow slot where the headphone jack is
The first unit was installed as directed and when it was working it was fine. The problem was it would just stop working and this was most of the time. I exchaned several e-mails with customer service rep Pat. She was extremely nice and suggested I send it back for a replacement. ---  --- The second unit was installed as directed and worked flawlessly for a couple of months. It now works a bit better than the first one. Instead of stops working most of the time, this one stops working some of the time. I have decided to keep this one because of the bother and expense of shipping it back for a replacement. And who knows, the next unit may not work at all. ---  --- Not a good product for Amazon to be selling.  ---  --- R Lockwoo
What is it with the British film scene and its distinctly gritty style. It seems that if we're not producing trashy Ealing comedies, it's a shocking reality drama with the likes of Ray Winstone in it?  --- Well Ray Winstone isn't in this one, but he could well be as the Rat Catcher is another one of those 'you either enjoy challenging films or you don't' pieces. --- I personally love them, I guess I must be a miserable bugger! Of course this film investigates the reality of the underclass, dysfunctional life lived in a rough and grimey housing estate.  But it is unique (well probably not unique) in that it is told pretty much entirely from the view of the 12 year old boy, played by William Eadie, who is struggling to make some sense of what is going on around him.   --- We learn that no matter what environment children grow up in, they always seem to hold true and remain untainted somehow.   --- Without wishing to give too much away, it is the final brief scene of this film which has stayed in my mind ever since I watched it in 2000. Worth the wait if you like being deeply moved by simple things
This is my second digital camera. Although it does so much more than my first, it is much easier to operate. I especially love the fact that I can video my grandson's baseball game, and then convert individule frames to photos (jpeg) with great quality. I have a series of photos with him getting a hit. It looks great! ---  --- Thanks for a great product. ---  --- Ralp
I purchased these ear buds to replace those that came with my 80gb ipod expecting them to at least be comfortable.  I can't judge if they are more comfortable or not because they won't stay in my ears long enough to decide.  Even when I'm sitting still on the sofa, they fall out...none of the sizes work for me!!!  If falling out of my ear isn't bad enough, the sound is not even half as good as that produced by the stock ear buds.  Very disappointed!
I love Mr. Koontz and have long read his novels...Watchers, Intensity, Odd Thomas and so on but this was dissappointing, not to mention just plain depressing. And come on with the corny slap-stick banter between the characters! Okay okay, we know the 9 year- old Leilani has a high IQ but REALLY! She speaks like a 50 year-old rocket scientist and cracks jokes with every sentence? These characters were too unbeliveable for me to get into. Therefore, I put it down after 350 pages of this twattle. Koontz has done much better in the past. ---  --- Lastly, let's keep dogs out of your next few novels, please? It's getting a bit old. How about a smart cat or raven for your next novel, maybe mixed with some more down-to-earth folks that speak like real people do?
This bench is a bit of a joke, unfortunately.  Having put the bench together myself, I can tell you the most flimsy part of the bench is the part you sit on:  It's particle board wrapped in thin vinyl sitting on two VERY small pieces of metal, balanced over the main structure.  I feel foolish for buying this bench.   ---  --- Between the shoddy construction and the fact that the bench is supposedly rated for a MAXIMUM TOTAL WEIGHT OF 300lbs -- INCLUDING YOU AND THE WEIGHT YOU'RE LIFTING, I think it would be a mistake to purchase this.   ---  --- The maximum width of this bench is only 3 feet.  It's narrow.  And small. --- 
I saw this guitar on sale and ordered it on a whim, thinking that if it were no good I could use it for a canoe paddle or give to the kits to play with.  I have played bass recreationally for about 17 years, and occasionally strummed a guitar here and there.  I currently own a classical guitar I've had for 10 years, and sold my steel-string guitars several years ago.  I wanted this to replace the steel stringed ones, and to take camping, when I didn't want to take the fairly nice classical guitar and risk its damage.  When I opened the box, I was astounded to find a guitar with a very fine black finish, action almost perfect, and actually nearly in tune.  It looks great and sounds very good.  The sealed tuners are very smooth and have kept the guitar in tune thusfar.  The only flaws I could see were a small bit of glue where the fretboard met the top, just at the soundhole, and a very slight overlap of some of the binding glue onto the body, maybe 0.2mm x 1mm, only noticable when looking for it.  Soundwise, it sounds very good, especially considering the cost.   It sounds especially good with a pick.  The treble side of the guitar is bright and clear.  The bass side of it is a little thin, and the low 'E' is fairly dull when fingerpicking.  I am hoping that changing the stock strings might help it a little.  It's passable, just not great.  The frets are very good, and smooth.  The ends are nicely rounded.  I had expected to need to polish the frets, but at this point will leave them as-is.  To sum it up, I think this guitar is a complete steal for the price if you are a beginner looking to start, or if you want a spare guitar to keep at the lakehouse or to take camping.  It plays very good and looks even better.  Like I said, I had intended to take this one camping, but it's almost too nice for that
This is an outstanding purchase at a great price and quick service and delivery --- thanks amazo
This flavor of Land O' Lakes Cocoa is one of their best. We love this cocoa 
Was a fan of Nortons till after reading reviews and going onsite to check out this Anti-Virus package, it just has more to offer and less of a resource hog
My two year old only child adores this DVD so much that she's "adopted" Max as an imaginary younger brother.  There's no flash and no dash, no special effects and no tired slapstick - but there is charm, gentleness, intelligence, humor, and completely accessible characters for the little people in your life.  My daughter views Max and Ruby as such a treat that I used it as a potty training reward - and she's always just as delighted with it as she was the first time she saw it. Ages 18 months through five. Five stars, and then some
I ordered this sensor to go with a very old La Crosse Unit after the old sensor had been dropped I can't count how many time.  We never fixed it to a spot after three years of use and kept droping it off a brick wall three feet high bringing in the groceries etc.  It is extremely accurate as is the unit and even the forcasts are bang on.  I highly rate this product. 
I saw a glimpse of this movie earlier on HBO and was interested enough to purchase the DVD.  Too bad I didn't watch the movie first when it was free!  James Earl Jone's acting abilities were wasted on this movie, and I won't comment on the others. --- I'm glad that our armed forces are not as inept as portrayed --- in this film.  Sorry I can't be more complimentary, but.....
I've been relying on this lotions for over a decade.  Of the many I've tried, it's the only one that provides both immediate dryness relief and long-lasting moisturizing.  Some may find the initial glycerin slickness to be excessive, especially on hands, but if you have skin as dry as mine you'll tolerate a minute or two of "greasiness" for the softness and comfort that lasts for hours.  These comments are for Neutrogena Emulsion only -- Neutrogena Body Lotion did not work well for me
I go to a gym where people share their magazines, and came across this gem. While it focuses on value vacation packages, the benefit that I've gained from it is its list of 40 top vacation packages to destinations around the world. The magazine also offers an up-to-date web page describing even more places and bargains. It has really expanded my horizons about possible vacation spots. That alone is worth the reasonable cost
I love this lip gloss, the cake batter taste/smell is totally addictive.  The colors are lacking though, all of the colors are light, very sheer shades. I bought the color Babydoll which is a light pink.  It goes on sheer and I love the smooth texture too. This product is supposed to have glitter in it but I didnt' notice any, and/or its not too glaring, which makes it fine for me to wear it at work.      
They are extremely nice seat covers ,the quality is great for such an inexpensive price. But they were huge in a Jeep Wrangler with no way to modify them to fit and had to be returned. Universal seat covers does say on package "fits most". So if they fit I think it is a good investment
Without a doubt, the highlight is the DVD of the 1975 show in London.  "Born to Run," the album, had put him on the cover of "Time" and "Newsweek" the same week in October, 1975, one of the very few times that has happened for a non-news story.   ---  --- The publicity and hype generated by Columbia records was so overwhelming that there was a backlash:  "Nobody can be that good."   ---  --- So here we see his first show ever in the UK, playing to an audience of professional critics and amateur skeptics, people thinking, "hey, 'Rock and Roll Future,' this is the land of the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, The Who - who do you think you're kidding.  No unknown kid from America deserves 'Time' and 'Newsweek.'" ---  --- The show begins in almost total darkness, a piano softly plays, then harmonica, and a soft spotlight lights the kid from New Jersey who sings "Thunder Road," accompanied by only piano.  An unknown song at the time, "Thunder Road" has become a Springsteen classic.  IMHO, especially given the expectations, it is a perfect understated opening.   ---  --- The DVD has the entire show, including everything from the hard rock of "She's the One," and "Born to Run," the song, to a much slowed down version of "For You," an underated sleeper on his first album, "Greeting From Asbuty park, NJ."  Bruce accompanies himself on the piano and I swear, this version of "For You" is so beautiful it could be the scruffy New Jersey kid channeling god. ---  --- Any skeptic who walked out of this show thinking Springsteen was merely hype has no ears, no taste, or was xenophobic.  The show gives more than a big hint that this Springsteen guy is for real, as a songwriter and performer, and that "Born to Run," especially, is an extraodinary album. There are only eight songs, but none are fill.  Repeated listenings of the four corners of the album (before CDs) "Backstreets," "Jungleland," Thunder Road," and the title song are so good they become... well, addictive, works of genius, and lead to still more listening.  "Tenth Avenue Freeze Out," "Night," and especially "She's the One" could each be the centerpiece of almost any other album.  Even the whispered "Meeting Across the River," fits and helps the album become a coherent whole.  The songs taken together are more than the sum of the parts. ---  --- As a footnote I'll offer the opinion that Bruce only wrote one other album that is as good as "Born to Run" and that is his next one, "Darkness on the Edge of Town."  Everything he has released is good;  a good bit of it is great, but I don't think anything else matches "Born To Run" or "Darkness."  I don't know if two other back to back albums this good have ever been released.   ---  --- The DVD of the show gives us a big early peek at the guy who would develop into rock's greatest performer.  By 1985 he would be the biggest rock star in the world, selling out multiple nights at football stadiums. ---  --- The remastered CD is nothing special to my ears.  Perhaps an audiophile could hear improvement.  The DVD, "The Making of 'Born to Run,'" is interesting, but will probably appeal mainly to fans.   ---  --- However the DVD of the 1975 London show ought to appeal to anyone who likes Bruce, or rock & roll, or showmanship, or history.  Its a treat
I purchased this for my husband for a birthday gift, and it came on time and in perfect condition. --- Thanks
I have owned this smoker for 5 years now and have a few insights for those looking to purchase this smoker. ---  ---  I have smoked  7 turkeys, alot of pork, and some beef all with really great results. ---  ---  I love that its electric. Regulating temp with charcoal smokers can be tedious. You barely have to do anything to it except add water and chips. It will maintain the ideal temperature of 220 degrees fairly well, But there are a few issues with this smoker: ---  --- 1. Materials and construction- metal is thin and the lid fits loosely. The lid is suppose to fit loosely! There is no vent so it helps with the smoke. But because the metal is thin, on cold and/or windy days, it can be difficult for it to maintain it's temp on long smokes. Often runs 200-210 degrees.  This will increase your cooking time! On hot days it will run at 230- 240 degrees. Although I can't reccomend this modification to help with heat loss, I have actually heard of people fitting a electric water heating blanket to the outside of the smoker to help with this. ---  --- 2. I wish the heating element was adjustable to help regulate the temp. ---  --- 3. The door is small which makes it hard to add chips or water. Although you can take the unit off its base to add chips, this is akward and a bit dangerous since you may spill the water. It is nice to remove the base to help clean the unit though. ---  --- 4. I installed an after market temp. gauge in the lid. (A must) ---  --- Overall a good entry level smoker that is super easy to use. Got mine at W-mart for $75. Anyhow, it's a great value for under a $100. Now after 5 years, it is about done and I need a new smoker. I will try to upgrade although after looking around at all the electric smokers, I might just buy another one of these. I love the "bullet" design of the vertical smokers. ---  ---  The stainless steel version of this model looks nice and is obviously made of better material, but the main section is attacted to the base. I do like being able to remove the base. Plus the element is still not adjustable. The only other choice is a  stainless steel meco smoker which has a better door design and a adjustable heating element, but is double the price. So I will either get this model again and do some modifications (temp gauge and maybe an adjustable element) or get the meco. Hope this review helps. ---  ---  ---  ---  ---  ---  ---  ---  --- 
I received this off my wish list from a dear friend and I must say, it's stunning.  It's both delicate and sturdy.  The craftsman's shift is beautiful, in what you would expect a piece to cost four times this amount.  The stone is beautiful and large, without being gaudy. ---  --- It's a stunning piece of work.  All you lads out there, should buy this for you lass, and make her very happy! ---  --- Wonderful piece I highly recommend for quality and price
Works well. Much faster than the "cheap" metal swivel that has only the hook. If you don't have a wealth of speed-bag experience, be prepared to "re-learn" when you upgrade to this swivel
I bought this mouse about three months ago, and I love it.  It works on every surface, and the scroller works well too.  The only complaint I have is that the cord is rather short (about 2.5 feet long), and it plugs into the left-hand side of my laptop, which means that I only have about a foot to work with.  Although, I think that complaint can be shared equally with the Dell people for putting the USB port on the left (good deal for the left-handed population, I guess).  Some people have complained about the wind-up function for the cord getting tangled, but I haven't had any problems with that
Thought I'd died and gone to heaven; this lens was everything I wanted and more.  Three weeks after receiving it we went to the Grand Canyon, and on the way home it suddenly quit doing the focus - now it does a focus dance, clunking and whirring and never coming to rest anywhere close to focus.  It's not my D70, which still works wth other lenses.  This one's going back to it's maker!  If they fix it, I'll revise this review
What a horrific movie to gear towards children.  It is extremely violent and just plain creepy!  The scene where the dog is hanging from a chain and drowning in water was so WRONG.  I wish I could put 0 stars for this one.  Do not waste your money on this one
Tried this as a possible improvement over using AA NiHM batteries in my Olympus D-524 camera. Turned out to be a DOWNGRADE. Did not stay charged as long as my Panasonic 1950 mAh AA batts. It would die a sudden death -- no low battery warnings before the camera shut down. I have gone back to the dependability and predictability of the AA NiHM batts. The CR-V3 now gathers dust. It did not even improve the flash recycle time. Just a waste
I bought the white one for my 7 year old son, but could never tear it away from his hands....so I got my own.  Too bad they haven't invented a calendar/appointment software for us big kids.  The only negative is the white one gets dirty very easily....would recommend buying the black instead
     I am an old lady trying to play a kids' game. I aprreciate the fact that this game explains the moves to me very clearly. I have enjoyed playing it and so have my grandchildren. I am very glad I purchased it
Don't think about video capture cards, going into the operating system, or even opening the computer case - just turn on the power, plug Dazzle's USB plug into your usb port, and connect the colored cords on your vcr with the same colored plugs on Dazzle, install the software, and let this wonderful tool do all of the heavy lifting. ---  --- EXCELLENT quality, and they will lower the quality if you want a smaller file - like, say, if you want to back-up your vcr to a cd-r. The test for quality is time - tell it to record to 70 minutes, and your work is DONE. ---  --- I REALLY like the fact that the software is so stable, I recorded a SIX HOUR VCR tape using a 512 meg XP machine - not a moment's problem. ---  --- They also included software that makes editing these video files real easy, if you want. That is just icing on the cake. ---  --- Strong, solid, silent - the John Wayne of VCR to computer file translator tools. ---  --- As an aside, I have held onto some VCR tapes for years, one for more than a decade, hoping something like Dazzle would come along. ---  --- Prayers answered. ---  --- Just shut up and BUY it
This is yet another fabulous blend of ingredients; not too sweet, not too salty. Great for kids and us big kids who are on the go and tired of the same old trail mix/protein bars on the run. Keep up the good wor
I was not pleased with these.  I bought mine at Target, and within one month the soles of both sandals were cracked.  No refund, since they were used.
My boy loves his drinking funtainer!  It has never spilled on his lunch box even though I have put it in different positions including upside down!  It it great because we can take it on a car ride and it will NOT spill all over the car if he drops it and it will keep his milk cold and even warm chocolate hot!  The straw that pops up when you open the lid is a plus and I have not had to replace it and the year is almost over!!  Very durable.  I love it and I'm planning to buy more!  It is well worth the money... and I bought it for $15.00!! ---  --- 
After just 3 weeks of using this product my fasting blood sugar has dropped to 111.  Thats over 40 points!!!!  Pretty impressive.  My Dr. started me on Metformin but it made me very sick.  This stuff works much better wiht no side effects.  I wish I had known about this years ago as I have been fighting with high fasting sugars for years.  This product is a god send. 
Company sent me two of one shirt and this shirt.  I ordered 3 different shirts.  This shirt is large in size but very short!  Not what I had expected.  Asked the company to fix the problem with the shirts as they were Christmas gifts for my daughter.  I received a fill form two weeks later with no correction to the problem. 
Who the **ck are GNR?? Plus they make awful music! I can't stand this annyoing album. The music is awful, so as the lyrics. There is not ONE good song on this piece of s**t. It is a album that contains 12 crappy songs. AXL ROSE is a very annoying lead singer just screams and sings horribly, and SLASH is terrible too. In THE WAY STAY AWAY FROM THIS AS WELL AS GNRS OTHER ALBUMS. LEAVE GNR ALONE....GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS GNR SUCKS. --- I recommend buy these albums insted. --- FOREIGNER 4 --- LOVE OVER GOLD-DIRE STRAITS --- ON EVERY STREET-DIRE STRAITS --- COMBAT ROCK-THE CLASH --- HOW TO DISMANTLE AN ATOMIC BOMB-U2 --- AMERICAN IDIOT-GREEN DAY --- ANIMAL MAGNETISM-SCORPIONS --- LOAD-METALLICA --- RELOAD-METALLICA --- AND JUSTICE FOR ALL-METALLICA --- MASTER OF PUPPETS-METALLICA --- RIDE THE LIGHTNING-METALLICA --- SELF TITLE BLACK ALBUM-METALLICA --- PAST MASTERS VOL 2-BEATLES --- PHYSICAL GRAFFITI-LED ZEPPELIN --- SOME GIRLS-THE ROLLING STONES --- GREATEST HITS-NEIL YOUNG --- THE LAST DJ-TOM PETTY ---  --- -GNR ARE AS BAD AS PINK FLOYD, PEARL JAM, NIRVANA, and AC/DC. AVOID ALL ALBUMS FROM THOSE BANDS. --- 
Battery came quickly and performs as describe
This CD shocked me. At first I was listening and enjoying the beats on every track. But then listening to the actual content of each song, B*tch this and h*e that. Come on, as a young female, how am I supposed to bump this in my car? Every single song on the CD is disrespectful. You know what really makes me mad, this is what's supposed to be hot, popular. What kind of message is this sending to our young black men? Our young women? I would not recommend this for any one, especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman.
This site is the cheapest I have found for this card.<br /> --- Do not pay for your live service monthly on your credit card.<br /> --- It's alot cheaper to buy one of these cards every year
This is my favorite for lap swims.  Reasonable modesty, but not baggy.  You'll move through the water with ease with minimum suit slippage.  If you are not looking for a tan, get this one!
I like this fragance and the shipment was awsome,I didn't know what they supose to be here and when i check de tracking it was like delivered and I check my mail and it was there!AWSOME AWSOME AWSOM
Purchased Fix-It Utilities 6 a few weeks back and installed it on my desk top running Windows XP.  Immediately after installation I ran the program and repaired only the minimum errors as recommended.  However, many programs on my computer would not run and could not access many files.  Called VCOM for help ,but  their solution did not work.  I was even unable to get system restore to correct the problem. I had to re-format my hard drive and re-install all my programs and files.  I cannot recommend this registry repair
I bought this necklace along with 13 other Hematite Necklaces they are all Absolutely Beautiful and the quality is exceptional and the price is awesome you can not beat it. Shipping and handling was very reasonable also. Here is some information on Hematite and why it is one of my favorite stones: --- Hematite: Element Earth  --- Chakras: Root (1st) --- Hematite is the most effective of all stones for grounding oneself in the body and physical world. It can counteract spaciness and confusion, helping one to see the practical concerns and move forward with useful action. Hematite can be used to balance the auric field and align the chakras. It pulls stray energies down through the meridian sytem to the root chakra. Hematite can help one see the silver lining on every dark cloud and the light at the end of every tunnel. It lends one strength, courage and fortitude for moving through adversity. It is excellent for energetic support of recovery from any ailment of the blood and of blood production within bone marrow. It can work as a strengthener for the liver and can assist in the detoxification process.
At the beginning, I really thought this is a very nice product. It does solve the CD organize and automatic storage problem for many people. However, this equipment is poorly engineered. I bought four units and all of them failed within a year for various reasons. There is no easy way to even take the discs out of the faulty units. If you ever think about move this equipment to another room, it is almost bound to fail. Customer service usually take 2 days to respond. The phone service guys do not answer questions about disc stakka because they know this is a bad product and rather not to deal with it with the disappointed customer. Imagining someone charges your $400 to organize 300+ CDs for a year and then quit. I am completely pissed off.
I imported from Quicken for Mac to Quickbooks Pro for Mac and after 3 weeks of trying to make the result work, I gave up. The interface is far less intuitive than in Quicken (for example, entering vendor names by typing the first letters then scrolling through the choices with the arrow keys as in Q) does not work in QB, forcing one to guess at the exact vendor name the first time; and the imported names and addresses do not go automatically to vendors if they have been paid, and customers if they provide payments; rather they all go to an 'other names' list that, with a thousand or two names in it, cannot be simply dragged to the  correct list; rather each one has to be edited individually. When I started forming invoices and quotes for customers, I found that QB would forget the customer's address, sometimes including it and other times yielding a blank field. Also the field lengths in QB are often shorter than in Q, resulting in incomplete import of memo fields. In addition, export capabilities are negligible; one can only export transactions and other details in a proprietary format that can't be used elsewhere, unlike Q which exports in a readable and massageable format. Overall it seems that QB has been written by a different company than Q, and to a large extent the programs are not compatible even though the import from Q to QB appears at first viewing to work OK. It is better to start a new financial year with new software and enter all data in again by hand rather than try to make QB use Q data, in my view. I have switched to MYOB AccountEdge at a rather higher cost, and find that this clean start at the financial year beginning works OK for me. The MYOB product is a little clunkier than QB with more fields to fill in and numbered accounts all over the place, and its Q import is a total joke (with repeated questions on where to allocate accounts for each transaction without an explanation screen) so that import of any more than 10 transactions becomes laughable) but its export abilities are wonderful and I think its inventory control is better than QB; also, it has not yet lost invoice addresses the way QB did on me. One has to input addresses in fields before memorizing tranactions however otherwise the memorized transactions in MYOB don't update. I have found that MYOB is about as intuitive as Q when it comes to entry of payee fields etc; while QB has lost that data entry ease entirely. QB may have an advantage if your goal includes payroll however; MYOB seems to have a pretty sad service unless you are prepared to pay all of the taxes yourself.
I am a huge John Grisham fan.  I believe the first Grisham book I ever read was "The Pelican Brief".  After that, I was hooked.  I admit that through the years Mr. Grisham's work has become less "Grishamisc" and not as entertaining as earlier works.  But, you'll have that with any author that cranks out as many books as he does.   ---  --- I first started this book by listening to it on CD.  I soon decided that it would be more enjoyable to read it than listen to it.  I was right!  The book starts out with action and pulls you in.  The action barely lets up through the entire book.  This is a different kind of action.  More mental than physical.  There seems to always be something going on and Grisham knows how to leave you wanting more at the end of each chapter. ---  --- One thing that is very different about this book than most of his works, is that there isn't really a catch at the end or a mystery to solve.  Generally, we find Grisham leading us to a thriller ending.  However, in this book, it is more of a life lesson about greed.  There is no bad guy, nobody lurking in the shadows trying to harm the main character, etc.  The book is about good old fashioned greed and how it can ruin your life.   ---  --- The characters are likeable and easy to follow.  There are not too many needless chapters or boring detail that is irrelevant to the story.  I found the book very easy to read and follow.  I always wanted more.   ---  --- Although the book has a different theme than most Grisham books, I still really enjoyed it.  It reminded me why I like to read his books so much.  It proves he write good fiction without a thriller or mystery ending.   ---  --- If you like this one, try the eariler works as well.  If you have seen the movies, it doesn't matter because the books are always better and usually different in some way.  This book would make a good movie, but we'll see if anyone in Hollywood agrees with me on that point.   ---  --- Happy reading
I ordered The Great Outdoors Deluxe Gas Smoker in anticipation of a summer of barbecue.  Unfortunately, the unit arrived structurally damaged.  Based on the state of the box, I would say it occured prior to UPS picking it up, but have no way of knowing.  Sadly, the replacement unit was also damaged.  There were huge dents that broke the welded seal.  I gave up, have requested a refund from Amazon, and will seek a different brand of smoker.  I would definitely advise not to buy this product
Very cute, I always get compliments, but I wear them only every so often and the bottoms are all ripped up - you'd think I wear them everyday!  I'm just upset I paid over $60 for shoes that will BARELY last one season
The topmost review described these batteries as "AA in a D package," which is entirely correct.  What certain loser battery brands like Energizer do is put a AA battery in a D-sized sleeve, thereby hoodwinking unwary consumers into purchasing an inferior product that holds a much smaller (approx 2500 mAh) charge than a "normal" D cell (9000+ mAh.)  Fortunately, these bogus D cells are easy to spot if the manufacturer prints the maximum charge on the packaging--that is, 2000-2500 mAh, which is AA cell territory.  Additionally, the fakes are much lighter than the genuine article--inside is mostly air.  Too bad I mistakenly bought a package of these.  I'll have to settle for consoling myself by boycotting Energizer for the rest of time.   ---  --- (...
I love my New Native sling! I have used it so many times and find it very easy to use and very versatile.  My baby is a very chubby guy and at 9 months he is 24 pounds and still fits in the sling.  He loves it too, whenever we are out shopping or even at home and he is a little fussy I put him in the sling and he calms right down and snuggles in.  I've even nursed while walking around..in many places: Costco, Disneyland, Walmart! Very discreet.  I also love the fact that it is small enough to fold up and put in my diaper bag, so I always have it.  No bulky rings or padding.  I'm buying them for all my family with babies! I love it, and I've gotten lots of compliments on it.  A must have item! --- Erica --- Washington stat
i've gotten a few compliments on it...by my advice to the ladies who want to buy perfume via online...buy the smaller bottles first to see if you really like the scent...moreso than the big bottles.  i bought the $50 one and i do like it, but i think it's gonna take me awhile to finish it...so from now on, i'll buy the 1.7 oz. first and then buy the bigger bottles if i like the scent.  but overall, very fresh and sweet smelling..
I had been searching web site after web site for a system like this.  I finally found a site where I could purchase seperate parts for a comparable system.  However, the receivers alone were more than this unit( If you wanted a receiver compatible with a plasma).  This works great.  Could not be easier to install.  All components are in my basement.  I ran the eye through the wall and have the eye barely exposed through a single cable face plate, with the blue led light taped to the back of the plate.  The blue light still shines through the faceplate, which is perfect. The faceplate is just below my wall mounted plasma set.  No interference.  This set up allows me to use this system at just about any angle in the room and the adjacent kitchen.  Works great with a basic $20 all in one ir remote. Also, the customer service is like no other.  I had several questions and each e-mail was answered by the next day with great help.  Made this purchase a no brainer. This is one product that far exceeded my expectations even after reading all the great reviews.  I highly recomend this product.
We wanted the zoom and missed the fact that this one does not have the zoom.  The reason I give two stars is because of Beach Camera's return policy.  They grudgingly allowed me to return it, as a one-time courtesy with a restocking fee.  I wish Amazon would tag the vendors so we could easily see if we were buying from this type of company
It seems nice enough and it's cheap, but it is apparently incompatible with the Canon Powershot Digital Elphs. For use with those cameras, buy Sandisck instead. Seriously
This movie was a sleeper not in the sense that it was a pleasnt surprise but rather it in fact put me to sleep. --- I have 3 suggestions  --- 1 Avoid --- 2 Avoid --- 3 Pay close attention to suggestions 1&
I am from India,and Megadeth is one of the few metal bands with a huge following here.From the few bootlegs of live shows that I did manage to get hold of,this seems to be one of the best gigs ever.Mustaine's singing is as good as it gets live ( if you think it is bad,then you have'nt heard him elsewhere ).But such minor foibles aside,the gig is f'in awesome.The setlist is almost perfect.The biggest pro is that most songs have been improvised.I love that.I used to hate the fact that Megadeth played CD perfect versions of their tracks,which was not fun.I'd rather listen to the CD with better production and singing.But here,they have really streched quiet a bit and given the audience,a stellar musical show.Jimmy De Grasso ( tho' he looks a bit nervous in my opinion ) is unbelievaly tight.He looks like he is appearing for a test,when he's playing the solo on she wolf ( you can see the tension on his face),but wotta solo....the sticks alsmost blur out.The sound and picture quality is great too.My only grouse is that the band has almost no audience interaction and there's very lil bonus stuff on the CD....some soundchecks or pre gig preparations thrown in would have rocked...they need to learn a thing or two from the 'tallica guys about this.But that apart...brilliant gig...a must for any metalhead
I am a Reiki practitioner and purchased this table because it is easy to transport and very affordable.  The table is nice and sturdy, sets up and breaks down easily and is lighter than some other models out on the market.  A good value for the money
What I like about this magazine is that it does not focus on mainstream attractions and destinations.  It tries to go off the beaten path, and provides many suggestions of places to visit, restaurants to eat at, and even specific places to shop.  Not only that, on every issue they have a list of awesome travel tips provided by travelers.  In addition they list great travel specials and the corresponding websites.  I've been a subscriber for approximately 6 months, and I have to say that I enjoy this magazine. 
I got season one from a friend as a gift and loved it.  I bought season two and was pretty dissappointed.  The show just became vulgar and sacrificed the hilarity of season one.  I loved the ideas for episodes, but didn't care much for how they played out.  Bill got soft.  Cuddles and Dan got mean.  Buttons and Rocko stayed about the same, but it wasn't enough.  Great show, but stick with season one
Robbie's flow corses through your veins causing a feeling of total ecstacy and rejuvination. To have a CD that has the power to lift your spirit and your soul is something I feel so honored to have in my possesion. Hats off to Robbie
This was one of the first Hiphop albums I ever purchased and I still listen to it today I think that krs's style was best suited to Primos production. Once he lost Primo (with the exception of a few albums) he couldnt hold it anymore musicly. krs didnt care about the latest trends in music or about bein a thug or topping the pop charts he just showed his incredible talents on the mic and stomped all the wack MCs that deserved it. This was also the album that introduced the world to krs as a solo artist and he proved that he had plenty of ammunition left from his BDP days as well as few musical/lyrical tricks up his sleeve This album along with any other BDP release should be considerd mandatory listening for all you youngsters out there who are just getting into Hiphop this was the era that I belive Hiphop was the best about 93-98 its a shame that kris is doing the crap hes doing now I wish he would find a better producer or just stop doing albums and continue his carrer as a live battle rapper.  
I wouold only skim this book if you want a general idea about business marketing, but do not expect in depth detail about how to truly market your business
This is my second superyard. The first one I bought many years ago when the superyard was made with protruding metal hinges which were somewhat hazardous and invited mouthing by little teethers. Aside from being a little stiff to fold (which might be because it is new) this model is a vast improvment over the old. It's a couple of inches taller and seems sturdier. Great for blocking off the Christmas tree or any other part of the house. Cruising babies love to go round and round the inside and you can hang a busy box or other toys on the side to amuse a crawling baby.  --- During football season, my friends and I take our superyards to tailgate and join them together to make a super superyard, so all the toddlers can safely play together. It's easy to clean using the pressure nozzle on the hose outdoors. Minor drawback is that it can be scooted across the floor or climbed out of by a determined toddler. Do I really need to say that any play yard should always be used only under adult supervision? Final comment - one of the most useful pieces of child-care equipment I've  --- ever owned. The only reason I gave it 4 stars insteat of 5 is because my experiences with North States' customer service has been poor
(Responding to Joel G's review below) ---  --- It's unfortunate that your child was unable to enjoy Didi & Ditto because of a technical problem you had with your computer. The majority of Didi & Ditto players are running Microsoft Windows and enjoying this great educational software. ---  --- If you send us an e-mail message at service@kutoka.com, I am sure that someone from our technical support team will be able to help you resolve the issue you seem to have experienced with your computer display. ---  --- Also note that all activites can be unlocked in the Activities menu by pressing the F6 key on your keyboard. A full list of the game's keyboard shortcuts can be found in the user's guide which is accessible from the Start menu. ---  --- Hope this helps
I really like this product.  I would not, however, agree with the person who said that it is entirely too strong a scent.  I would actually like it to be stronger, and have less peel and more juice smell.  But it is a nice scent, and cleans very thoroughly.  Not the best I've used, but very nice
Palm could not resolve all the issues associated with Treo. I bought this phone few days back and it freezes frequently.
Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied at the U.S. Naval Academy, and doubtless those of other nations. The screenplay is based on a couple of novels, so there is some fiction, but the life of Yi Soon Shin was well documented, so there's plenty of fact supporting the story.  ---  --- If you are not familiar with Korean Drama, it's good to keep in mind that  this is not a Hollywood product, but they do very well with special effects and such considering the non-Hollywood budgets involved, and it's easy to see past all that and enjoy the tale being told.  ---  --- It's a long series, but presents an epic with power, depth and dimension and well worth watching it unfold through each and every episode. ---  --- It would be great also to see KBS make other dramas available for viewing through Amazon, such as "Seoul 1945".      
I've bought one of the 12c platinum because I needed a calculator in my office. I don't do financial calculations, so probably I'll use the calculator only to make elemental arithmetics, but I like RPN and the programmable features. --- Build quality is below expected: intro key responsiveness is different than other keys', the soft case finnish is bad and the support pieces are not well adjusted, so the calculator is slightly unstable.  --- With the tag price this machine has you expect to get a perfectly assembled piece. --- Disappointed
I just sold this back through Amazon, I was so disapointed with it. It's an all cover record, and while Greg Duhli does add an interesting twist to the covers, all of the music feels too subdued, too flat. ---  --- Duhli is lacking the usual passion he brought to the Whigs and the first Twilight Singers recording.
We do not like this product.  My whole family thinks it tastes awful.  Granted, we've never used flavored popcorn salt of any brand before. We all agree that we prefer plain salt on our popcorn.  And, if we want butter, we melt butter.  This product just taste like chemicals
Beware! It is a fake, not a real genuine MAC lipstick. --- Do not buy the Amplified Creme from this seller, he has only fakes Amplified Cremes... --- I got a few. :
Why are the newer products getting slower by the version. I still love Version 5. It does not forever to open up in a Web browser.. ---  --- Update: I have been using Version 7 now for several months.. I am glad to say that I am now a lot happier. Granted it still uses a lot of memory. However, the new features that it has compared to Version 5, makes the upgrade worthwhile.  ---  --- However, watch out.. there are several features that Adobe took out from the Standard version and only has on the PRO version..
I am very happy with this product, its comfortable and good looking. Worth buy...
Down here in southern Mississippi you can sit inside with the AC in summer or hang a hammock in the shade - but this is my best one ever and probably my last one since it's so lightweight I prefer to carry it in out of the weather even though it's so durable.  I've had several rope hammocks to replace each year but this durable fabric one cannot be beat.  The grandbaby loves it
Disney, just about the worst company on Earth, has many lines of magazines. This is just used to suck even more money, even though they already have so much money that they're kids drown to death in money. Then disney goes on to cancel Dave the Barbarian and Teacher's Pet, the only good Disney shows
bought the charger and an extra battery. When my camera battery started getting low I tried to charge the batteries and the device just sat there trying to charge but never charged the batteries. competely useless. have to go buy a different charger
I'm not sure what compelled me to seek out "Americano," written and directed by Kevin Noland.  It's not as if I was dying to check up on the career of Joshua Jackson, a star of TV's "Dawson's Creek."  Perhaps I was intrigued by Dennis Hopper's inclusion in such a small scale production--I mean the man is always interesting even when his material is less than stellar.  Here, however, the lure for him seems to have been his daughter Ruthanna, who has a supporting role and serves as a producer on this film.  Maybe it was international star Leonor Varela, a beauty who is surely one good role away from making it big in America.  Most likely, though, it was the idea of seeing the movie as a travelogue of Spain.  With great scenery, bull fights, Hemingway, hard drinking and partying, the Running of the Bulls--the atmosphere alone might have made intriguing viewing. ---  --- However, I am going to be rather hard in my assessment of this film.  I think Noland has talent and I look forward to other works.  The film is photographed well and has good performances.  My problem stems from the fact that there is absolutely no drama in this familiar coming-of-age story.  With an astounding lack of real character insight, this little production about characters at a crossroads falls absolutely flat. ---  --- The setup is simple.  As recent college graduates, Jackson and two pals (who bicker comically) are spending the last few days of their vacation in Spain before Jackson must return to the "real" world and a new job.  Facing the eternal struggles between childhood and adulthood, work and independence, freedom and monotony, dreams and reality--Jackson falls into lust with a local played by Varela.  Should he ditch it all for this worldwind romance?  Should he abandon responsibility for a life of leisure?  Should he stay in Spain?  These are legitimate questions and a legitimate, albeit familiar, story path.  What makes "Americano" so tedious and uninvolving, however, is that the film doesn't allow you to know its characters.  A character study with no genuine character development seems a hard concept to pull off--and "Americano" doesn't succeed in doing anything remotely deeper than the superficial presentation of friends on vacation.  We never know anything about Jackson's job or life in America, or his dreams, passions, interests, etc...aside from this fleeting romance.  Sure, the film goes through the requisite motions--Jackson writes pretentious poetry and talks to statues of Hemingway, what else would you expect in Spain?  If he has artistic aspirations, however, the screenplay surely never develops this.  Lacking any real guidance as to what Jackson envisions for his life, I simply fell into the camp of "who cares?"   ---  --- There are plenty of authentic moments in the depiction of Spanish culture.  Dennis Hopper's role, however, as a club host is a complete misfire.  Ultimately, though, my genuine disinterest in the film comes from a screenplay that asks me to care but never goes beneath the surface for emotional truth and character depth.  Sure, Jackson's at a crossroads--but lacking any understanding of what he wants, it made no difference to me what he chose.  Sorry, but that's a big problem when it is your film's central theme.   KGHarris, 02/07
     THis is one of my favorite movies. Besides containing a stellar cast (Matthew McConaughey, Sandra Bullock, Sammuel L. Jackson, Oliver Platt, DOnald AND Keifer Sutherland, Kevin Spacey) You get the idea. Is there a cast member that ISN't a biggie? The casting is Genious, and the acting incredible. It's suspenseful, deep, VERY emotional.. slightly dark.. it's the perfect movie. Even the rape scene is well done by being comfortably vague while still haunting you.  ---  ---      A Time to kill's plot is pretty simply explained.  In the deep south, a 10 year old black girl is raped by two wite rednecks, who almost kill her. A young white lawyer and father (Matthew McConaughey as Jake Brigance) is sickened at the news, and doesn't quite know what to think when the little girl's father (Sammuel L. Jackson as Carl Lee Hailey) pays him a visit and asks if he'd "help him if he were in a tight spot".  The next day as the two redneck/monsters are being led up the stairs of the courthouse to their arraignment, Carl Lee Hailey pops out of a storage clauset with a machine gun and blows away the two young men that raped his daugher.  ---     Jake Brigance agrees to defend Hailey as his murder trial begins. The insanity plea is used to "give the jury an excuse to aquit" But in my opinion, I think it was quite legitimate. What father WOULDN't be driven insane under the circumstances?  the rest of the movie is Carl Lee Hailey's trial and the surrounding Drama as KKK violence emerges led by Kiefer Sutherland, and Jake's life and home are in danger, his relationship with his wife strained, and his career are seriously on the line in what seems to be a loosing battle.   ---       My favorite scene? It might come as a surprise, but my favorite scene is when the Prosecution calls to the stand the policeman who was leading the two rednecks up the stairs to their trial. He was caught in the knee by a stray bullet, and now has half a leg.  After the prosecution use the witness to incite rage against Carl Lee, and establish unerring identity of the shooter, The Defence asks him two questions.  --- "Do you think Carl Lee intentionally shot you?"  --- "No"  --- "Do you think he should be sent to prision for what he did?" --- "He did what I would have done." --- but it doesn't end there as the Policeman (remember he's missing a leg because of what Carl Lee Hailey Did) becomes very emotional and boldly confesses that if someone raped his little girl he would blow him away just like Carl Lee did. He starts screaming to the jury to "turn him loose, He's a hero!"  I think this is one of the most emotion packed and well acted scenes (albeit there are many others too) (Great acting by Chris Cooper as the policeman)  ---  --- Anyway.. forgive if I rambled. I love this movie and if you like courtroom dramas... star studded casts.. John Grisham...suspense thrillers..just all around good movies.. You need to see this.
The suit will make you sweat if that's what you are looking to do.  I had rivers running out of my sleeves and pant legs, but the pants tore within weeks on the inside seam.  I was using the suit about 5 times a week with a vigorous treadmill routine.  It will likely last longer and be fine for occasional recreational uses, but buy something more substantial for a serious workout.  You truly do get what you pay for
The writing was peeling off this badly.  I can't let me child wear this.  I threw it out
I'm not going to go into my childhood, or how I love the Transformers or any of that stuff, I just wanted to give a quick review.  As always, you get what you pay for.  I bought this today and within five minutes of transforming it one of the joints popped out and I can't for the life of me get it to sit correctly back in the socket.   ---  --- Bottom line is that it is very cool that ten dollars will get you a G1 inspired Astrorain or Starscream, but be aware these feel very flimsy and are definately better utilized sitting on your desk at work in robot mode than being transformed back and forth while you are bored watching TV.   ---  --- Very cool, very flimsy, very inexpensive
This book gave me insight into German culture. It is no wonder  --- there was a Holocaust with children's books like these. Max and Moritz are adventurous children and they are caught. Being caught isn't enough. They are ground in a flour mill for punishment. Not even that suits the miller. he feeds their remains to the ducks. It instantly reminded me of concentration camp victims being cremated and then turned into soap. This story will forever give nightmares
This is one of my favorite teas.  This is 1/2 the cost of my grocery store, and since the bags are individually wrapped, freshness is not an issue
I'm very happy with my Speedlite 580EX, is a new dimension for my photographic hobb
This product was highly recommended by a school teacher in the UK as a great teaching tool.  It was well received as a gift by the children and their parents. An excellent math teaching tool that the children love.  It is portable, user friendly and has something for those on many different levels, so much so that one father, an engineer, loves to play the game by himself when travelling and is equally enjoyable to his 7 year old son, as well as a game that they can play together.  Math Whiz is a tool that creates a friendly math experience which can be used for many years as the upgrading levels will remain a challenge
Great improvement in Photoshop technology.  I've greatly improved my ability to process astrophotography.  It's now much easier to make the same changes to multiple images of the same celestial object.  Greatly reducing the time required to process multiple images for stacking, aligning and combining.
Okay, we all know about the Disney CARS craze and trying to hunt down all the new die-cast characters Mattel puts out. These 1:24 scale models are very, very nice and the size is perfect for young boys, girls or collectors.  The only downside is that they only made Mater and McQueen. Who wouldn't love to see Chick Hicks or The King in 1:24 scale?! Come on Mattel! Get with it!!  ;
I've read in some other websites that this are gonna be compatible with the PS3. Since the PS3 originally only comes with the traditional wires ( AV cables), im wondering if this cables can deliver an hd signal(hd pic quality).Or im just gonna have to spend some extra bucks in the hdmi cable since i alredy have this component ones
Sure it has many pretty lights and a slick design. One problem though: it is terrible at SHAVING! I was using my old Braun 6520, and was quite happy with it. Then I saw a good deal for this "new, redesigned, superb, self-cleaning" shaver and decided to upgrade. Bad idea! After shaving with it, it looks like I have a day-old stubble. No matter how much I twist and press it, the "new super system of blades designed by no one other than Gillette" does a bad job.  This morning I actually pulled my old 6520 out, shaved off as much as I could with this "360 Complete" garbage, and then used 6520 to see how much "clean up" it would do. The difference was both very visible and substantial! I am really sorry I bought this and feel duped by their marketing... Don't make the same mistake as me. Buy something else and save your money
The bra came well packed, speedily and it is very like the picture and description.  The fit is good
I'm a huge fan of Jelly Belly jelly beans, so I really enjoyed this gift box of 50 different kinds!  My favorite is definitely tangerine - but it's always a treat to try new and different flavors.  This box comes with a guide that tells you which flavors are which, so you can avoid the ones you dislike (for me - peanut butter jelly beans.. gag!).  It's pretty good size with a decent amount of jelly beans for the price - Jelly Bellies have never been cheap!  It's well worth the cost though, and a GREAT gift this year for Christmas
Had to return this item.  It was way too small.  Forewarned when you order that it won't fit an average baby up to six months.  I would say it would fit up to 6 weeks at most!!  It is very cute and would be a great addition to a Bundleme (cover), but the company needs to reanalyze their sizing.  More disappointing was having to pay shipping return on a $9 item. 
I did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification. It did help with classification and mapping
I bought this watch two months back and am using it as a casual watch. But it would go with a formal dress even. Works as promised; I have tried synching this watch in two countries, three signalling stations and several time zones, and it works perfectly well. To quote the cons, it IS a bit chunky, but that's ok since I'm using it as a casual watch. The back of the watch is plastic, which makes it look cheap but don't know if there is any specific reason for that. Also it would've gratified my every needs, had there been an 'Indiglo' or 'Nightglo' feature. In complete darkness, the irradiating hands look fine, but if it is half light, then I have to spend a second or two searching for the hands. These are minor things and I am a perfectionist, so here I stamp 4 stars on it.
WHAT MOST PEOPLE FAIL TO REALIZE IS THAT MOST LIFE STORY MOVIES ARE NOT MADE FOR THE PURPOSE OF GLORIFICATION TO THE VIEWER, BUT TO LET THEM KNOW OF THE REAL LIFE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF THAT PERSON. HOW CAN YOU CRITICISE SOMEONES LIFE STORY? TO GO THREW WHAT THEY WENT THREW TO SEE WHAT THEY SAW, AND TO EXPERIENCE LIFE THREW TIMES WHEN LIFE WAS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO GRASP? I THINK JOSEPHINE BAKER WAS A VERY GREAT PERSON REGARDLESS OF HER NATIONALITY ANYONE WITH THE GUTS TO LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST AND OVERCOME IMPOSSIBLE BARRIERS DESERVES MUCH PRAISE
Need I say more?  The ball flew off with the plastic connector and wound up in the neighbor's yard.  Thankfully no one was hurt
I had to return my recent purchase due to a defect.  I have used WaterPik Dental Water Jets for many, many years and typically have to replace every two or three years.  I was disappointed to receive a defective product but began shopping locally for another dental water jet.  I purchased the WaterPik Ultra, and I am pleased with the design, size and operation thus far.  I just hope WaterPik can maintain quality of their products and that my current purchase will provide another two to three years of service
When printing cards it leaves a large border around front of card graphics.  The cards do not print anything like they are shown on box display with front of card display taking up the whole card. When I contacted tech support I was advised that in order to correct this problem my printer must have a borderless printing option.  My printer does not & I have been using another major greeting card software for about a year and half and never had this problem with that program. There is nothing on the outside of box under the system requirements that states this. --- On the outside of the box it says you can return for refund if not satified within 30 days and that the details are in the box.  There are not any details in the box and when I contacted the company I got run around in circles stating there were two companies involved with the software and was never given information on how it could be returned.  I am stuck with it
I recently purchased the item and knew that some assembly was required. I didn't know that I would be soldering components onto a printed circuit board. That's OK. I was an electronic technician in a former life but it might pose a problem to who might purchase this item expecting a snap together kit
This was a perfect fit for my healthy lifestyle!  What I found also very helpful was getyoursexyon.myarbonne.com it was the only thing that I never thought would be missing from trying to be healthy everyday.  Guess there's enough people vouching for my all time fav cliff bars so I wanted to spread the word, I know I wish I would have found out sooner! 
Sedgwick's character is a perverted boring loser.  Worst book I've ever read--well, almost read.  Talentless.  End of story
can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music?  ive listened to many bob dylan albums, and every one is a gem.  freewheelin' is my favorite, but so what?  it doesn't matter which ones we love, because we all know what bob dylan's worst record was, and its saved.  im not one to question this man's beliefs or anything like that, bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe, but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is?  could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith?  almost certainly not.  but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain
I am very impressed with the whole Bobbi Brown line.  This lip gloss is no exception.  These lip glosses come in tubes with wands that have a small lip brush on the end.  The colors are fantastic.  These glosses are all very neutral, and natural looking colors.  None of these glosses are going to make you look too made up; just make you look finished.  The texture is not too tacky or sticky.  And it has a light scent, not very strong and overall its a very good lip gloss.  I highly recommend these lip glosses and will continue to purchase them.  
This was the first Collin Wilson book I read.  He has probably read a lot to write this book, but to anyone at least a little into the occult it is clear that he have no idea what he is talking about. --- If you are interested in this matter (the occult knowledge) as something you would read about but never, ever try to verify if it is true or practice anything, maybe this book is ok. --- But if you are serious about it and really want to know what true and what is fake, please stay away from this book.  He is so wrong about even simple things that could have been verified with just a few months of practical experimentation.
For nearly $100, this adaptor provides very little (1.5X) magnification.  It is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly.  This is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor, which is used infrequently by me, but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance.  It is lightweight, but cumbersome and doesn't accept filters.  For real telephoto capabilities, get an SLR with interchangeable lenses.  I sent this product back. 
I bought Brown Burnished color of this variety. After I got them, I tried them on and these are, simply, fantastic. I liked the way they fit onto my feet. My feet are wide and hence I had ordered a wider version of these. They give you a very comfortable and stable feel when you have them on and walk around. The sole looks very sturdy and durable. Does not skid over wet surfaces
This is a cheap cable in both cost and quality. When connected between my Voodoo3 3000 card and my Mag Innovision DX17F monitor, the picture quality was poor, with severe "ghosting" of the screen.  This cable does not have the cylinders on each end as most monitor cables do.  I assume the  lack of these cylinders is what causes the degradation in signal quality
Great idea poorly executed with an extremely unappetizing presentation. This is from someone who makes flavored rice a few times a week. That being said, this is the worst review I have ever given anywhere, so bear with me. ---  --- You know how sometimes the rice sticks to the bottom of the pan if you overcook and you have to boil it out and it turns oddly clear but covered in carbon water? Yeah. Like that. The rice came out sticky (not it the palatable uniform Japanese steamed rice way) and was an almost alien kind of translucent brown that was nothing like the picture. Nothing. If you look closely, you might be able to tell it had once been rice. ---  --- Yes, I followed the instructions.  ---  --- My husband, who wanted to try having fresh rice at work, described it as an abomination, which was a relief to me because when it was cooking it stenched up the house with a horrifying yet familiar odor that when I put my finger on it smelled exactly, EXACTLY, like Onondaga Lake in Syracuse NY is the summer back when it was the most polluted lake in the world and people were warned never to eat the fish they caught (assuming there were any alive in there) and kids weren't allowed to wade in it. It smells like raw sewage, dead fish, rotting feathers and chicken soup. ---  --- It was 45F out and I opened the window. ---  --- Sometimes you buy a case of something and it turns out to be something you don't care for, maybe it has too much onion or whatever, but you know someone else will like it. Normally I donate these things to a needy family. I think in this case it would be cruel. I can't imagine anyone who has made rice on their own mistaking this for rice. Do yourself a favor and just drop a boullion cube in a pot with your stovetop rice. That's what they're trying to do here and failing at miserably. ---  --- I can't sell the rest on an auction site because I'm afraid that even if I am completely honest about the smell I will get a bad rating. The only thing I can think of to use them for is to smoke out people in the breakroom with the odor next April Fool's Day
I bought ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite for the included ZoneAlarm Pro firewall (it cost much less that way).  If I didn't already have Norton Antivirus, I'd use the antivirus, too
Rolling Stone has long been the "Gold Standard" for rock journalism.  Any history of rock and roll that doesn't have Billy Joel or Bob Seger is all right by me.  I need to update my copy right away!  Great job, as usual, Rolling Stone!!!!
I love this soap! It smells so fresh and my skin feels great after I wash with it! I am definetely ordering more of this soap
I just bought this yesterday and surprised my girls (3 and 5)  with it today.  It does blow tons of bubbles!  They love chasing them all over the yard.  The Gazillion bubble solution that comes with it is cool because the bubbles are really colorful when they come out.  It does used 8 AA batteries as previously mentioned but there is an order from inside to send away for an adaptor.  Yes, it has a plug for an adaptor to plug it in so you don't use so many batteries.  Where I'll plug it in in the backyard I'm not sure yet.  I definitely recommend for the young children that are so excited by bubbles
I have only received the paper for 2 weeks. --- Where is it? why did it stop comin
"A single cup of Tazo Calm has been known to have the same effect as sitting for 45 minutes in a mountain meadow on a sunny day with your shoes off." ~tea packet  ---  --- Drinking this particular tea blend almost begs for 32 ounces of water. You can brew this tea in your coffee maker by letting the water drip slowly onto the tea that is sitting in a coffee filter or you can use the infuser that comes with this kit.  ---  --- This tea has a magical, almost golden sparkle of brass. The ingredients in this herbal blend are almost romantic. How often do you drink a tea with "rose petals" in the blend?  ---  --- Ingredients: Chamomile flowers, hibiscus flowers, spearmint, lemongrass, rose petals, blackberry leaves, safflowers, peppermint, sarsaparilla, lemon balm, licorice, and other natural flavors.  ---  --- Chamomile is known for its soothing properties and after drinking this tea I have vivid dreams and my sleep is deep and calm and I wake up refreshed. Tazo Calm Herbal Infusion will allow your body to relax into sleep and can be especially calming after yoga, before bed, or when writing peaceful thoughts in your journal.  ---  --- ~The Rebecca Revie
just didn't like the way they turned out....medium size ran way too big for me too. I didn't know how to return so I just kept them. 
Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions.  Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing.  (As a non-techniocal person I should have no idea what these parts are, but alas, I bought a Samsung DLP)  Expect these to fail within 1-2 years.  Expect to pay approx $400 to replace the color wheel and $200 to replace the colling fan.  That is, if your service technician can find them in stock anywhere.  These parts are commonly in a national backorder because of the very high failure rates.   ---  --- You should also expect the lamp to fail sooner than advertized.  Many people need to purchase a new lamp between 1-2 years, and some more often than that.  The lamp costs approx $150-$250 depending on your model, but you should be able to replace it yourself without too much difficulty.  This cost will be in addition to replacement costs for the color wheel and colling fan.  Please remember that these maintenance costs are recurring, and you will have to fix them again in another 1-2 years. ---  --- While I was very satisfied with the quality and performance of my DLP, my color wheel failed very early.  I called tech support to report a grinding noise, and was told to "turn it off", wait 15 minutes, and turn it back on like this would fix the problem.  After doing this for a while, the color wheel finally failed, actually shattered!  Now I am out of warranty, and Samsung wants nothing to do with me.  I have even tried ordering the part myself from two different online vendors, and they are both backordered indefinitely!  It has been 6 weeks and they have no estimate for when this part will be available.  Samsung cannot even give me an estimate when the supply of replacement parts is expected to meet demand.  I have had my TV for 18 months, and apparently there is a national epidemic of them breaking at the same time! ---  --- I have a 42" Samsung Plasma which is a beautiful set along with a 26" CRT.  Both are wonderful products, but Samsung is selling DLP LEMONS and will not stand behind them.  DLP is a great bargain up front, but a maintenance NIGHTMARE!  You will pay in the long run, and by the long run I mean every 2 years.  If you still want to purchase a DLP television, PLEASE BUY THE EXTENDED WARRANTY!  IT WILL SAVE YOU A TON, BUT YOU WILL STILL HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE CIRCUIT CITY TECH TO FIND PARTS WHICH MAY TAKE MONTHS!   ---  --- I expect Samsung to abandon their design flaw riddled DLP sector, and focus on their beautiful plasma line.  Expect DLP prices to drop even further, but please...LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP
THE NEW YORK REVIEW OF BOOKS is published 20 times a year, biweekly except in January, July, August and September. It is a respected publication which is devoted mostly to reviews of current books and an occasional movie. It also contains articles of social or political interest. The Letters section is usually brief with little waste. ---  --- Contributors to a recent edition included Mark Danner, Sister Helen Prejean and Daniel Mendelsohn. Reviews covered such diverse items as a collection of short stories by Graham Greene and two books about the actress Anna May Wong in addition to ALEXANDER, a film directed by Oliver Stone. ---  --- THE NEW YORK REVIEW OF BOOKS consistently offers provocative writing in a highly readable style. It definitely deserves its reputation for excellence
We bought the watch for our 8-year-old granddaughter for Christmas. It ran for about a month then stopped. I tried a new battery twice new but no luck. Cute wristbands, nice concept but the watch itself doesn't make the grade.
Excellent item to add to a artist or in my case for my neice and her callifr
The snap on the Leapers "Elite" Drop Leg Holster (the term Elite must be used loosely) would never stay attached. It would always either unsnap or come loose at the back. Eventually it fell off in the field and I lost it. The straps would never stay securely in the place I positioned them.  ---  --- The Leapers Deluxe Drop Leg Holster is much more effective. Even w/ one strap it stays secure becuase of the wide band of material in place. The method for latching the gun in the holster is much more effective as well. Spend a few more dollars for the Deluxe holster rather than trying to work with the Elite
I bought my Treo 750v a couple of days ago. I got really impressed with its features and had none of the problems already reported, like short time lived batery. --- The only problem I am facing is with setting my voice mail. --- The icon shown in the today page does not accept any number I will to attach to it. As a result, I was forced to create a new speed dial icon with my voice mail number. --- I really hope this is a problem to be fixed soon by Palm with a downloadable file because, except for this problem, Treo 750 is really great
...doesn't make it a great toy. A lesson learned the hard way. This toy is unbelievably loud. So loud, my husband and I can't stand to be in the same room with our son when he's dancing (stomping) on it. So ridiculously loud, my son can't play with this toy inside at all anymore. Every time he moves, the songs start over. Grates on your nerves after the 5th or 6th stomp. What a disappointing toy. We've had it out of the box three or four times to play with. It is now hidden in the deepest darkest part of the hall closet until we make our next round of donations to Good Will. Save your money for one of the other good dance mat toys on the market. This one's a stinker
I have reviewed two issues so far.  The articles are practacal and challenging.  Well worth the investment for someone working on a manuscript
This album is absolutely beautiful. The full musical sound and talent of Calexico together with the soothing warm vocals of Iron & Wine make the perfect match.  ---  --- It's almost unheard of that I love EVERY song on an album, but this one makes the cut. Each song wraps you in a warm trance, a coccoon of well-being. It has a really positive emotional effect on me. It creates an ambiance of gentle strength. ---  --- Wonderful. I really hope to see a these two bands getting together for more albums
This collection of 15 great hits of Nicola Di Bari in spanish is missing one of his most (if not the most) important and popular song: "Lisa de los ojos azules". I wouldn't buy this CD without that song
     Time crises is a 5 star gam
I was skeptical at first and I am so happy that I got this for my kids. I homeschool my children and needed something to keep one of the kids busy while I was working with another. This is easy to use, fun to play and I like the stories that are available. I think you get a great product for a great price
I purchased this robe for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift... And I wish I would have purchased one for myself as well! This robe is made of the softest, warmest materials, but is extremely light-weight, unlike most robes. "Luxurious" is the perfect adjective.
Our grandson is barely four years and of average size for his age, yet the batmobile is much too small for him.  For a kid who loves batman, it is intriguing and he did try to use it as he pretended to be the batman of his imagination.  But after just 2 or 3 days, he gave up and returned to his tricycle. As a result, except for the initial 2 or 3 days of limited pleasure he got out of it, the batmobile has been a waste of money.  On the other hand, for a child of 3, it should be fun, I think, for at least awhile
The set-up was easy and the bikes were easy enough to load, but when used in a 2-in. hitch it wobbles like crazy!  I was a nervous wreck just driving across town watching our bikes sway 45 degrees on every right turn.  I had a neighbor who knows alot about bike racks look at it and he said it was assembled right, but it's just not that tight in a 2 inch hitch. 
Okay, I used to think that Nelly was a fun guy to listen to. He made songs that I used to enjoy, such as St. Louis, E.I., Country Grammar, and Ride Wit Me off of the CD "Country Grammar". Then there were a good amount of other good songs on "Nellyville". And the good thing about these CDs was that there were not too many skip tracks. But with Nellyville, Nelly brought us the obnoxious Hot In Herre, a single that got plenty of radio playtime, but I could not stand. This was not a good sign for the future. Then comes these two new CDs, Sweat and Suit. I have not listened to most of Suit, but I have listened to most of this, and it is pure garbage. This is the same Nelly who made Hot In Herre for sure. It has a bunch of catchy songs that live off the beats and the hook to drive them to get radio playtime. Most of the tracks are much worse than Hot In Herre, if that is believable. I just want a decent CD from Nelly, I am not expecting a classic. Instead he drops the definition of materialistic garbage, and I shake my head in disgust. Avoid this one and get one of his older CDs, or a CD from a better artist
I have had great success with this manual pump.   ---  --- My best advice if you are having trouble is to TAKE OUT THE PETALS!!!   ---  --- This helped me immensely.  Milk was getting sucked under the silicone and my I was getting rubbed by the narrowed opening.  I took out the petals and the milk started to flow down into the bottle and pumping became a lot more comfortable and effective. ---  --- I used this pump for 2 kids and never had a silicone disk tear on me.  I highly recommend this pump
Let me just start by saying this gun is terrible. The images are misleading; the gun looks to be of a shiny more durable plastic, but it is a dull black. And it smells really badly at first. Not once did the gun shoot over 100 fps, and is sold at 300. My friends didn't even notice being shot. I have a 300 fps pistol, it leaves welts through jeans. This ISNT 300 fps. It's a rifle fit for an infant who's been dropped on their head and thinks it's good. never even shot farther than 80+ feet. bad buy
These are the short benches not the long ones that advertise on Television. The cardio video is entirely too fast. I teach aerobics twice a day and it's way too fast for a beginner even an advanced learner couldn't keep up. Also, the music is really boring. I use the benches for my own individual exercises not with the dvd
I have never had a problem with it at all. I take it on Jeep trips to air 33x12.50x15s back up after dropping the pressure to make the Jeep go in the sand better.  That unit that won't go past 15 lbs pressure surely has a problem. Just last night I aired up four trailer tires to 80 lbs each. Seems like the farther you push the fitting on the valve stem, the faster it will fill the tire. I like mine a lot.
The product appears to be informative and reasonably easy to use.  It is very helpful just describing the issues that need to be addressed.  Provides for addressing some stuff we might rather ignore or avoid
This bra is very comfy and also quite sexy for a sports bra!  I am a b cup and am using it for low to moderate impact activities and have found it quite supportive and comfortable
the case was advertised in a size large enough to accomodate my camera but when i received it the size was very small.  now i am stuck with something i cannot use.  your return policy was that it had to be in original packaging and unopened.  how is one to know unless they open it
Great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack,  but beware . .. . this camera does NOT come with a lens cap, and NO remote control.  other sources state that this camera does NOT have a Leica lens.  This camera does NOT have A/V input.  No flash, no hot accessory shoe (though it has one which has no power).  No widescreen LCD.  It does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen.  
Simply put, the keyboard sticky scuff cover never flattens out completely. There are always bubbles.  If you like playing with them all the time then this product is for you.  The keyboard soft material cover is not so bad, but holds onto the dirt and oils that would normally get on your screen and keyboard.  So, when you close the lid, the material then transfers some of that dirt right back.  My resolve...just wipe your keyboard and screen with a soft, clean, semi-wet towel every so often and the macbook pro will keep its luster
This product costs too much for being such poor quality, I can literally just pull the cord apart bare-handed without using barely any force at all. And after it's torn apart there is no hope of repairing it, no matter how much time, effort, and thought you put into it, it's impossible. I'm pretty sure that it's inability to be repaired is just a marketing ploy so you will buy another. The only good qualities these earphones have is their sound quality, and their comfort. The sound quality sounds a little better than the normal iPOD earphones and you can keep them in your ears for a very long time without your ears getting sore. But if you plan on using these while you're leading a busy, active life, I GUARANTEE that they wont last a week. I heard that these earphones are the best...I found out that they are indeed some of the worst...and sadly I found that out the hard way..
What more can be said about this film? Filmed on location in Rome, Italy in the fifties.  Greg Peck and Audrey Hep.  Nuff said
I was very disappointed at quality of this steak.  It lacked any flavor, taste or texture.  Omaha steak should review this item
The cheese flavor is delictible.  But, don't fall for these wimpy ones.  Buy the huge puffed Cheetos.  Those are the best.   ---  --- Did you know that parents once raised a commotion about Chester the Cheetah?  They thought his cool attitude and love for Cheetos would encourage children to eat too many Cheetos and become obese.  I think this is a valid concern.  Maybe that is why we do not see too many Cheeto commericals anymore. ---  --- I might add that I find the orange dust to be enjoyable.  Finger licking good, indeed, don't be prissy.  I also enjoy the orange stains Cheetos leave on your fingers after the dust is gone.  Maybe you can convince your friends you are very artistic and just finger painted a masterpiece using just one shade of orange
I bought this recording along with Blood on the tracks recently and all I can say is "Doggonit" it don't get any better than this.  They called Elvis the king but Bob Dylan must be  the "Wizard".  Who will tell us great stories when he is gone?
Goes over the problem in detail, but without excessive hand-wringing. A diversity of well selected examples, with helpful discussions and observations. If codependence and "rescuing" people are issues you struggle with, definitely get this book
In one month, this product made my skin so smooth and refreshed that a facial scar from six years ago disappeared from my cheek
I've been a Photoshop user since Version 3 and this upgrade is worth every penny.  I upgraded from version 7 and CS2 is clearly a step up.  Upgrading was a no-brainer.  The only negative is Adobe Bridge - I prefer the file browser that PS 7 had but I can live with it. ---  --- The floating image windows is also a nice touch - you are no longer confined to the PS main window. ---  --- All of my add-ons worked perfectly including FITS Liberator and the PTLENS suite
If you have used MS Streets & Trips, then you'll know your way around AutoRoute.  We are using this to plan a trip to Europe next May.  Based on my knowledge of locations in Britian, the software appears to be pretty accurate.  If you want to use this with a GPS that does not come bundled with the package, expect some frustration.  I still have not figured out how to get it to talk to my USB based Garmin unit.  I think it is possible, just do not know how. 
This is a great looking watch.  It is handsome and elegant. The face is large and easily viewed.  The style is easily those you see in $1000+ watches, but obviously does not have the engineering of the more upscale models.  A real bargain for such a handsome watch. 
Like other reviewers, after careful research, I decided to purchase this product. It was affordable, received good reviews, and was of bigger size than others in the similar price range. When I received it in mail, I was quite happy: it worked great out of the box and it looked even nicer than what I had expected. The screen was bright and very attractive.  ---  --- The problems started about three weeks following the purchase. First, the slideshow option (the kind with music) stopped working. Whenever I pushed the slideshow button, the screen would completely freeze and I had to restart the unit in order to use any other function. I thought, no big deal, I would just exchange the frame for another one. ---  --- My second unit arrived yesterday. This one, however, started having problems right out of the box. After about 5 minutes into the slideshow, the screen started flickering, than shaking, became completely staticky and finally it re-started automatically. I played it two more times after that, each time with a similar thing happening 10 or 15 minutes into the slideshow. ---  --- It is obvious this photoframe has a lot of potential (big, bright screen); unfortunately, the software is very buggy. I checked the Portable USA website and it does not appear that they have any patches that could be downloaded as a fix. I will have to return this unit again, this time for a refund. ---  --- My assumption is that this product has received many positive reviews because people like it after they initially open the box. However, I would be curious to learn if others have had a similar experience after several weeks or months of ownership
How many times have I wished Dr. Dolittle could come visit me and just talk to my 16-year-old curmudgeon and have Rambo pass along what's got him yelling all night..... ---  --- "Twisted Whiskers" is the next best thing.  Pam Johnson discusses a wide variety of feline behavior problems in cats' terms so we can form better human-feline cohabitation.   ---  --- Her chapters on "Old Age" and "Depression" were indispensible in dealing with Rambo.  In addition, Johnson talks about natural remedies rather than having us end up with a generation of doped-up furbabies. Johnson lists the Bach's Flower remedies and their appropriate applications and doseages for felines.   ---  --- Excellent read!  Highly recommended for new and old-time cat companions.
I tried it also as a less expensive alternative, and won't be ordering again.  The flavor just tasted "off" to me.... kinda like old coffee that's been sitting in pot for a couple of hours.. didn't have that "freshly brewed taste"
   WOW!!!  This game is so freaking cool!!!  The colossi are amazing!  I've played my share of games, and I can honestly say that I've never encountered creatures like these before.  I'm only about halfway thru the game, (having slain 7 colossi with 9 more yet to go), and yet each new colossus that I meet astounds me all over again.  One thing about them, that I have never felt in other games, is that they envoke sympathy towards them.  Until you find them in their own little area of their world, they are just giant hulks resting peacefully, bothering no one. But once disturbed, they awaken, and you must figure out how to take each one down. I actually feel sad when they fall. Supposedly your character must take them down to resurrect his lifeless lover, however I get a sense that there will be a twist to this story before it ends. --- Another equally awe-inspiring aspect of this game is the environment in which you are playing.  It is without compare the most beautiful, mystical, unbelievably gorgeous landscape I've seen in any game, ever. The world looks, feels, and sounds like an ancient place and time.  You just have to experience it.  This will be one of those games I'll remember years from today and will have to play all over again.  This game is a work of art, just as certain films are; plus it's just so freaking cool!!!  Don't miss it
I searched and researched the lens to purchase with my Canon Rebel XTI for weeks because I knew that I did not want the kit lens. I also did not have the money to spend on a 5, 6, or $700 dollar lens. In the end after reading countless reviews, ones implementing professional techniques and ones using just opinion, this lens looked to be the best value. For the money I really don't think that you can beat this lens. It focuses quickly, it is really quiet while doing it, and it is sharp enough for the money. Plus it has full time manual focus, which is a really big plus for a lens in this price range. The only problem is it is a little on the narrow side with the 1.6 crop factor on the Rebel XTI, but I would much rather have to deal with that than a sub-par image. In summary I would recommend this lens in place of the kit lens to anyone who doesn't have the money to buy an "L" series lens. It is really a great value
Some of the songs here are good, most notably "Never Be Forgotten".....beautiful.  I heard this song on the radio and I thought it was Faith Hill or Martina McBride singing.  Herein lies the problem.  The song is good, the voice is good.  But if she sounds like Faith or Martina, there's no distinction to set her off from the rest of the pack out there.  Add to this that this is mostly bubble-gum pop and not country....there's really nothing that stands out here.  Why are recording companies giving contracts to people who sound like everybody else out there?  That's the question. 
This camera is the best point and shoot cameras for the money. Just think of what you are getting. Not just a 7.2MP camera, but a LICA lens and technology. Not a bad deal. The images are not bad when printed. On a scale of 0-10, 10 beining the best, I give this camera an 8.  ---  --- David the photog --- In Chicago 
I installed it on three of my computers with no problem I have used wordperfect before and it's vey user friendly. I'm not a power user but the basic things seen be easier to do. I recomended. The software came with and intructional  dvd no how to used un like the microsoft counter part. --- this software is more then what is needed for the average person. it also comes with some free download for installing the software in your computer which you can install on all three computers. it come with lots of template that you can used. --- buy, buy, buy I say. lol is worth it
The service was good but the product didn't have enough info for me to make a wise decision. At the end I couldn't use the product on my jabra ear piece. The item description should have information on compatible Ear sets to help make a better purchasing choice
Excellent. As the title states the "ultimate". Should be the first book purchased, borrowed or stolen for the enthusiast
There isn't much of a blend, its just I think plain too spicy for a normal taste bud..extremely hot for those of you who like it!  I like hot stuff, but this is just too...hot
This sensor is all about peace of mind.  We've been using it for a few weeks now and it's gone off twice - scaring us, but making us glad that we have it.  Both times that its gone off, our daughter has been very tightly swaddled, so we think that made her breathing shallow and thus set off the alarm.  You can change the sensitivity on it, but the default setting should be fine.   ---  --- There is a bit of background noise or static that you can hear.  My husband solved that issue by placing a piece of regular household tape on the bottom few speaker holes.  It is still loud enough for us to hear her without the extra noise.   ---  --- It does take some getting used to - you have to turn off the sensor and put it in sound only mode whenever you remove the baby from the crib, otherwise the sensor will go off.  But this `inconvenience' is totally worth the peace of mind this sensor gives you.   ---  --- I believe they sell this with only one parent unit - but you really want to get two.  Leave one in the bedroom and keep the other mobile - we constantly move the second from the kitchen to the bonus room, to the living room, etc.   ---  --- This sensor is an amazing product and worth every penny.
I really enjoy this product, and am sure that voice-recognition will be standard techology for all computers one day.  It is very easy to load, set up and use....  everything that I needed was in the box. I speak with a slight accent, and it still works so smoothly. This is an invaluable tool for people at risk from carpal tunnel syndrome, for those who have difficulty using a keyboard efficiently, or for avoiding the fatigue of preparing large reports. It is so simple that you can speak out ideas and visualize them in print before deciding what to do next.  Great for doing e-mail...  all this and you can continue using the keyboard as you wish. I love it!
Really? Wow. So, players in real football go through other players torso's? They skate and glide around the field at 40MPH without moving their legs? WR's change direction on one foot, pivot, glide and elude tackles? Uh, ok. ---  --- Anyone who plays this game on the All-madden level will notice right away that this is the furthest thing from a realistic football game. --- What are the nerds at EA thinking? Do they ENJOY making a game who's AI constantly cheats? I love how they tout games that "give the user more control" when the user has very LITTLE CONTROL over anything that goes on in the game. I don't control if I catch it or drop it, or intercept it, or if my line blocks, of if my DB's cover their assignment...none of it. The COMPUTER makes my line miss blocks or not block at all...drop easy picks...drop easy catches, etc. And why, oh why, are DT's and LB's faster than my fastest WR? Is THAT realistic? The AI is terrible. It blatantly and UNrealistically cheats. ---  --- Terrible game. Just stop making these games if this is your final product
They were on sale, and I ordered 2. They arrived separately in two HUGE boxes - via UPS - and looked like they had both been dropped from about 10 stories up. Sigh... The mats themselves had broken and cracked rubber backing. I guess they got beaten up in transit. The actual pattern in the mats is beautiful and the fiber is nice and dense. So - I kept them. They are outside and hopefully they won't fall apart too quickly. ---  --- If you are really picky, you better take a good look at these when they are delivered
We purchased this for our daughter after she loved the original ballet version so much. I expected the same quality of the original product and was very disappointed. The mat is very cheap and flimsy and my daughter broke the headset trying to get it on her head
I was looking for something for my darling 1 year old daughter to enjoy in the bathtub.  She loves this toy and helps her with developing her gross and fine motor skills.  The only down side is that the crayons get a bit "mushy" after a bit of time in the water.  But it the Baby Einstein crayons are a good replacement...which are inexpensive as well.  I look forward to many "Van Gogh"s from her. 
This mascara is great.  I've tried many and this is the only one that doesn't smudge all over the place.  The only drawback is the price.  It's triple what drugstore brands cost
"Above the Rim" is an entertaining street drama that focuses around Kyle Lee Watson, an inner-city high school basketball player who shows a lot of promise but lets his own arrogance get the best of him.  He won't listen to anybody who offers him advice on how to improve his game, as he thinks that he is the best player ever.  He's been hoping that his mad skills are catching a college scout's attention, but he does catch Birdie's eyes when he plays.  Birdie is a well known gang leader who offers Kyle the good life so long as he plays on his neighborhood team in a "Shoot-Out" basketball contest that means the world to him.  Kyle--being impatient as ever--agrees to join, not seeing the clear danger that is in front of him.  A high school security guard with a past knows the danger that Birdie presents, and he is the only who has a chance to get through to Kyle before it is too late. ---  --- Not only is this a very good basketball movie, but it is also an intense and character-driven drama centered around the choices that we make in life... and how we have to live with them in the long run.  The film has some great performances from Duane Martin, Marlon Wayans and the late Tupac Shakur.  Even though everybody is great in their roles, the showstopper is indeed Shakur.  He gives a very masterful performance that really sticks out and will stay with you long after the movie is over.  My only complaint is the length of the movie.  It's true that a movie that runs a little over an hour and a half isn't short, but I think the story and the characters open more possibilities to add on to the movie.  I think more opportunities and risks could have been taken to further enrich the story.  Still, it is a really good movie that didn't disappoint me. ---  --- The DVD doesn't have a whole lot to offer.  You can either watch the movie in widescreen or in fullscreen, depending on your preference.  The movie looks and sounds very good.  The only special features that are offered are movie trailers, and those aren't even that great.  I would've loved it if they included the music video, "Regulate" by Warren G and Nate Dogg.  In fact, given some of the great rap songs that are in this movie, they could've included a couple of music videos.  It's not a great DVD, but at least it's not that expensive. ---  --- I really enjoyed "Above the Rim."  It may not be flawless, but it definitely does more right than wrong.  The characters are what really dominate the movie.  Even if you're not a fan of the game, it's still something to check out if you're a fan of character drama.  Exciting, intense, conflict-driven and full of heart, "Above the Rim" is a very well done film. -Michael Cran
In case you're wondering, the aforementioned 'suckers' are anybody who paid to see this movie..and i dont mean just in a theater...i count myself in because it cost me $3.79 at my video store! Looking back, i should have given that money to a homeless person, then went home and stared at a wall while playing suspenseful music! I would have gotten the same effect of watching this pretentious piece of garbage! ---  --- This GUY SUCKS!! Seriously, his talent level should place him as a writer for the SCI-FI channel...maybe he could write a few decent outer limits or twilight zone episodes??..but he is in over his head when it comes to big-budget movies...and where the F did the budget go? Has the the price of 'monster suits' (signs anyone?) increased to the multimillion dollar range? My guess is he pocketed half of it and the other half went to the unwitting actors who's agents suckered them into this sham of a film. If you read the 'quotes n trivia' on Amazon's link you will find that (a) Kirsten Dunst bailed out on this sinking ship (good thinking girl) and (b) Sigourney Weaver had nightmares after she read the script...obviously she had already committed..  ---  --- SPOILER....  --- Short summary of the INCREDIBLY unfeasible plot: A bunch of people from the city who have had deaths in the family do the logical thing and go live in a wildlife preserve (although we see no animals in it), undetected by authorites , long enough to raise children, whom they traumatize into never leaving the village by dressing in monster suits and other scary tricks. Anyone ever seen a Scooby-Doo episode? Then 1 guy stabs another and they send a BLIND girl (with 2 guys we never saw before who wimp out immediately) to go get medicine through the forbidden forest (how she is supposed to acquire multiple-stab wound effective medicine is up to her)..but the 1st guy she meets gets it for her no problem and helps her back over the wall into the park! And the cult lives on...seriously..thats the plot.  ---  --- I've read that he stole this plot from the book 'running out of time'...not to mention the scooby-doo thing, or his camera style which he takes from hitchcock...this guy is a hack folks
This book is out of rint for one reason, it is terrible.  I am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says.  She blames P&G for the destruction of the  environment, mistreating employees, the role of women in society and  racism.  P&G has done many things wrong, most big companies have, but  it is not the cause of the fall of Western society
The best of the best for Harley enthusiasts. Well written, fair and honest. Great motorcycle, accessory and clothing reviews. Terrific custom bike features and excellent presentation. Easy to follow tech and classics without all the girlie nonsense
This is an excellent device. Quick respond with my D80. --- I use it to take the family pictures that include me. --- I just point and press this remote to activate the D80's timer and It works beautifully
This is my first capo, so I can't accurately compare it to another. However I am very pleased with the quality. It goes on quick and comes off quick with no compromise of the sound
This lens has only two "faults."  First, it is big and heavy--quality construction often yields a heavy lens.  Second, once the photographer has seen the results that this lens can produce, there is a likelihood that he or she will be unhappy with the other lenses in the camera bag. ---  --- Results first: the images are razor sharp with this zoom mounted on my Nikon D70s.  I can get shots that I never could get before because this lens is so crisp that subjects taken at a distance nevertheless can be cropped to produce an acceptable close-up image. Subjects taken at more normal distances are breathtakingly sharp--as if shot with an excellent prime lens. This is a fast lens (F/2.8 throughout its entire zoom range).  Almost more importantly, this lens has the best "Bokeh" that I have ever experienced in a lens.  "Bokeh," to the extent that I understand the concept (it is a Japanese word meaning roughly "unfocused"), is a word describing whether the out-of-focus portion of an image (i.e. a blurred background in a photo in which only the subject is in focus) has a pleasing look to it.  This lens produces wonderful, creamy Bokeh.  The sharpness and Bokeh, combined with the excellent bright color rendition of this lens, makes this one a true classic. ---  --- I have occasionally experienced minor ghosting on this lens when shooting into a very bright subject, i.e. the sun reflecting off of the ocean.  This is a normal shortfall of a zoom lens comprised of a multitude of elements, and I have sometimes experienced this.  But such occasions are rare. ---  --- The autofocusing action of this lens is very good.  Even birds at very long distances usually produce a quick, snappy autofocus lock on my Nikon D70s.  Very seldom does it "hunt" for an AF lock, and these occasions are likely due to operator error rather than the lens.  This lens also features Vibration Reduction (VR) which enables it to produce acceptable images below what an F/2.8 lens would otherwise be suitable for.  The VR really works, too, although it is by no means a panacea for dim lighting.   ---  --- This is one of Nikon's professional lenses, and the quality of construction is excellent.  The critical mount is metal, and the entire lens is built like a tank.  The lens comes with a nice squeeze-style lens cap, and a very good lens hood that can be easily reversed for storage. ---  --- The reader can see that I am extremely enamored with this lens.  The reason is that, notwithstanding its bulk and weight, this lens produces the best nature shots that I have ever managed to take, by far.
This really help me on my 4500 mile trip in my Toyota van. I am thinking getting one for home too. --- Bo
This bath melt was nice.  It smelled great but it is pretty sweet.  It didn't do anything spectacular to the water, just kind of made it look soapy.  The melt took it's time melting and the smell lasted throughout the bath.  I took the melt after it sat in the water for a while and rubbed it directly on my skin which made my skin smell nice.  It also moisturizes well and makes the water feel smooth and silky, but the smell didn't linger on my skin once I was out of the water
I read other review, and decided to give it a try. As soon as I recieve it in the mail, and opened the box, I realized this was a mistake. CHEAP quality Binocular with "high power" being a selling point. It came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart. you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place! It is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation. You will be CONSTANTLY ajdusting the focus. Your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it. Indeed Strap, Case, Lense protectors are all cheap crap, and annoying to have it all ON~! I am taking this back, and buying MADE IN JAPAN "NIKON EAGLE VIEW" 100 times BETTER. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR~!!!!!
ive had this charger for the last couple of months, and it fits in my phone perfectly and i have had no problems with it. It is highly recommended to anyone with a nextel or boost phone
We bought 2 phones on a family plan last October.  We were looking for a very basic flip phone capability, no bells and whistles needed.  Our major use was to communicate between each other.  We were happy for for about 5 months.  Since then we have experienced all the problems mentioned.  Our phones were replaced during April. One sim card was replaced during June. Yesterday we again replaced our sim card on the same phone.  Another replacement phone is on the way to us.  The major problems have included "service not available" even though 4 bars are showing and the other phone works at the same location, "unable to read", "insert card", and of course dropped calls.  Yesterday as I was talking to a warrantee agent trying to resolve our most recent problem my call was dropped in the middle of the call.  At this point I have concluded that this model is extremely unreliable and am looking for an alternative solution.  I can not depend on it.  I would not recommend it to anyone
This book is a sure snooze-fest. Luckily for me I did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class. We read selected chapters of the book. --- They writing was horrible. Many parts were unclear. I had to reread what I read over and over. I can't stand this style of writing. Barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent. Instead, he comes off as boring and pretentious. --- Skip this book... try something else
I purchased a Coleman Exponent F1 Ultralight stove this past spring in preparation for a trip to the Cascades in Oregon. I have owned a liquid fuel stove for years (MSR Whisperlite purchased in approx 1992), and have loved it, but as I am getting older, I have been wanting to trim my pack weight down. I have found the following advantages to the F1 Ultralight. --- #1. Easy to use. Simply unscrew the burner head, open the pan supports, screw the burner head back down, screw stove onto canister, light match, twist valve, and you are cooking with gas. --- #2. No priming. The liquid fuel stoves required priming, and pumping, which made them harder to use than I would have expected. With this stove, you simply turn the valve and light. No waiting for the generator to heat up. --- #3. Very light weight. The stove assembly itself weighs less than just the small fuel bottle for my liquid fuel stove alone. This thing is a feather on the back. --- The disadvantages are there as well. --- #1. Canister stoves rely on the low boiling point of the fuel to force fuel vapor up and out of the canister, and at temps close to, or below the boiling point, which is close to 0 fahrenheit, the stove simply will not work. For me, where and when I camp, this is not an issue. --- #2. Fuel cannot be used as an emergency fire starter.  --- #3. Fuel is EXPENSIVE compared to white gas, or unleaded gasoline.  --- The owners manual claims this stove only works with Coleman Brand canisters, but I have found that any threaded canister of 70/30 Butane / Propane blend works. I have used Brunton, Coleman, MSR, and some odd black Canister I bought at a gas station in Oregon with it, all with excellent results.. --- Compared with other canister stoves such as the MSR Pocket Rocket, Brunton Optimus Crux, Snow Peak Giga Power Stove, or Primus Yellowstone Techno Trail, the Coleman Exponent F1 Ultralight had the design that made the most sense to me, sported the lowest weight (.4oz lower than its nearest competitor), and from what I was able to determine in impromptu in store testing, appeared to have the best pot stability of the group, with pot supports that spread out nice and wide. One tidbit about this however is... The Evernew 1.3L Titanium cookpot, is oddly shaped on the bottom, and sits and a slightly odd angle on the F1. I have tried many other pots and this is the only one I have a problem with. The issue is whith the oddly dimpled bottom of the Evernew pot, and NOT with the Coleman stove... --- SUMMARY. If you camp where the temps aren't freezing, low weight, ease of use are important, and cost of fuel is unimportant, then this is the stove for you. However you must carry some other sort of emergency fire starter in lieu of having stove gas to start wet wood. If however the cost of fuel is going to be a factor for you, or you are going to go mountain climbing, or whatever, you will want to bypass any canister stove at all, and just go with a gasoline model instead. The Coleman F1 Ultralight is the lightest of the group of stoves I had considered, had the best design, and came in at a price point that I liked. For the majority of backpackers out there, I would say this would be the best stove for you.
This umbrella can be used with lots of other playsets, not just the Little Tikes brand. We use ours staked in the ground next to our Step 2 Naturally Playful sandbox/wading pool and we take it along and use it with his folding plastic chair that has an umbrella hole and clip. Great for hot days at the pool, beach or just hanging around in the backyard. It comes with a storage/ carry bag that has a carrying strap for over-the-shoulder hauling around, too. It has a wind vent at the top, but I would still close it at night or take it indoors if you have high winds, since it is a petite size and weighs less than similar full-size versions sold to adults. Nice forest green color and white pole and finial; the fabric is heavy-weight and overall the umbrella seems well-made. A great buy at this price
This is the only type of speaker cable i use to connect my state of the  art sound system
I bought this book in lieu of the 2005 Guiness Book of World Records, and I don't regret the decision at all.  ---  --- This is a huge book- 250 pages- with thousands of interesting and bizzare tidbits in categories such as "Amazing Earth", "Body and Mind", "Wonders of Science", "Fun and Games", and "Beyond Belief". I had never watched the Ripley's show or read any other Ripley's books before. The facts are just as fascinating as in Guiness, but they are presented in a more fun, colorful, and kid- friendly way. ---  --- This would make a great present for any kid (or grown- up kid), even for those who don't read much. ---  --- The editing isn't the greatest, and I found one fact that is repeated twice in two different sections (see if you can catch it!) but I still give it a full 5 stars! ---  --- And... the cover makes me kind of dizzy, but that's okay. ;-
As you might have guessed, this is another cool game I have played in the arcade. AND IT ROCKS! Time Crisis 2 was wonderful but this is just outstanding. I mean, it has cooler graphics, more usable weapons(including grenades! YOWSERS!)better sound effects and above all such terrific explosions, shot hits, music and gameplay that it makes this the best Time Crisis Game I've ever played in my whole, entire (BEEP)ing life! When I played this in the arcade, I had tons and tons of fun. Why you think I put five stars for the fun rating? To make this game even more enjoyable, I used the fact I am a lover of animals and good people, most especially lions, tigers, jaguars and sexy women of all sorts. I imagined that those kinds of innocents mentioned were being threatened, that the enemy in the game was the poacher slime threatening them(as you know, I not only love big cats, all cool animals and decent human beings, I also HATE, HATE, HATE poachers!)and that I was the hero along with a sidekick who meant to save the women and the three large cat races. Needless to say, every time I killed an enemy, with bullet or grenade, I let loose the words: "Go to hell, poacher scumbags!" which of course made the game all the more enjoyable, as did saving lives which I imagined as either a big cat species or a beautiful woman. Anyway  whether you imagine this or not, this game is the best, coolest & most fun Time Crisis ever made and if you like shooting games or video games in general for that matter, you must either play this in the arcade(like me)or if you got a PS2, buy it and enjoy! I'd say it rivals the masterpiece that is Silent Scope, it's so perfect
I'm really surprised at the negative reviews on these wipers. I bought two pairs of wipers just over a year ago, expecting I'd have the second pair as backup. I haven't needed the second pair - the first pair are still just like new - they don't squeak, chatter, or smear and are great for visibility. I live in Seattle, so it's not like I never use them either - we've been deluged by rain in the last year! ---  --- The only thing I can think is that maybe others are mistreating their wiper blades. Keep your windshield clean, and if the wipers are smearing, just wipe the cleaning edge off with a paper towel from time to time. That's not a problem with the blade, that's a problem with the cleanliness of your windshield and blade. Any wiper blade struggles when it's bogged down with dirt, pollen, and road grime. ---  --- I figure eventually I'll use my backup pair, but until then I'm happy
"without any sulfites, preservatives, hydrogenated oils, artificial colors or flavors." ---  --- ...but not without a great deal of sugar and high-fructose corn sweetener. Like the previous reviewer I bought these at Costco. Brought them back due to the sickly-sweet taste. There was so much added sugar it was getting a little difficult to taste the berries. ---  --- If you prefer berries au naturel or with just a little extra sweetness, watch the ingredient list on these. Sugar is the second ingredient by weight - and corn syrup is the fourth
After owning and using the camera for a month or so now, I am delighted with it.  I have only replaced the batteries one time, so don't know what the review hullabuloo about that was for.  small lightweight, many features.  choice of 6 meg, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 meg photos at fingertips.  What I really decided on this camera for was the MACRO capability as I take photos of very small coins, and must be able to get in within an inch or two to do that.  It preforms magnificantly.  My previous camera had to add additional lens to do this which was a hassle.  I love the Samsung digimax S600.
My son absolutely adores all his Thomas the Tank Engine stuff. What can I say? Edward the Blue Engine is a fine addition to any child's collection
Let's get one thing straight - Radiohead may be the greatest thing to happen to music since the Beatles.  That said, this is not the album for that reason.  Do not let this album turn you off from Radiohead...beacause it is truly not what they are about.  There is one hint though in where Radiohead will go.  In the song "Creep", which is not a fantastic song, there is a brilliant "CHU-CHUNK" made by Johnny Greenwood.   SO PLEASE - IF YOU ARE TRYING TO GET INTO RADIOHEAD...GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.  For the "rockers" - get THE BENDS, for people trying to expand their musical mind - get OK COMPUTER, and if you like that you may become obsessed with KID A.  There are some unbelievable songs on AMNESIAC, but it is not their most cohesive album, and HAIL TO THE THEIF is very solid.  Thank you for your time
I am a woman of color and this product eliminates any discoloration without irritation or disturbing my combination skin. I highly recommend this product for women who need to brighten their appearance once a week. ---  --- After 5 years I continue to use this and the pumpkin exfoliating mask. The papaya is good as well
I have an iPaq PDA and I own a TomTom GPS -- both of which work well.  This combo iPaq/TomTom is 'in the rough' and needs to undergo some re-tooling. I'm surprised that other reviewers mention what I deem significant flaws and then go on to rate the unit as a 4 or 5 star. For example, the Travel Companion stalls and needs soft-resets.  For a right handed person, the stylus is awkward.  Support is not good. Moving through programs can be painfully SLOW. The GPS tracking lags. I depend on my GPS and PDA for business travel.  Buy the rx5915 if you like to play with gadgets as it's loaded with some fun stuff. But, not if you need something dependable while on the road.   
Who cares what the commercail says. It is not an Widescreen. Man, a 3 inch screen? Great, my PSP screen is bigger than your's Tiger Electron-poop. The discs are only 30 minutes long? The discs for the PSP is an half gigabite. DO NOT BUY THIS WASTE
the shawl was beauiful and just the right color. an excellent value too.very good product fast shippin
I bought this stroller last year when it went on sale at a local story.  Luckily it was a floor model so it was even further discounted.  I bought it because it was lightweight, had a front tray, adult drink holder and was in a very stylish orange color.  I was looking for a stroller with all the features of my full size Gracco but light weight and smaller to put in my trunk.  Well, after a couple weeks, I changed back to my umbrella stroller and use my Graco for longer trips.  Here are the negatives I experienced with the Peg Prego Aria: --- - Poor steering.  Can not handle quick turns. --- - Sun shade only works for direct overhead sun. --- - 5 point harness is poorly designed.  The plastic hook is always coming undone and gets tangled. --- - My drink holder broke. --- - Overpriced for features and quality. --- My positives are: --- - Nice looking --- - Easy to fold --- - Lightweight --- I keep this stroller in our attic now as an extra stroller for when we have company.  Thankfully it folds up small and does not take up too much room!  I would not buy a Peg Prego again
only 2 words can describe this great Cd and they are (simply incerdible) im only 17 but i know great oldschool when i hear it and this is fantastic musi
I had an old Palm m100 for the longest time and used it as an electronic replacement for a paper organizer. But it ate batteries and wasn't rechargeable, so when I got a newer computer without a serial port (and discovered it would cost a fairly decent sum for a serial-USB connector), I decided to upgrade. Thought it'd be cool to have something with mp3 playing capabilities as well, (I don't own an iPod or other small mp3 player) but I didn't need many features beyond an organizer (didn't need for e-mail, etc) and didn't want to spend much over $75.  ---  --- Pros:  --- I like the Palm interface, very intuitive. --- Calendar & contacts work well --- Plays mp3's --- Syncs well with Outlook/computer --- Plugs in to recharge; all cords came with it. --- Easy to download new software (I recommend Blocks, it's similar to Tetris) ---  --- Cons or caveats: --- Display: when viewing calendar in "full month" mode, I have trouble seeing any entries unless I view the screen at an angle. Not a deal-breaker, but a little odd. They probably improved this with newer (pricier) models, but you get what you pay for. I can read all other screens just fine. --- Haven't used it to display photos; I don't think I'd use this to do that--resolution isn't worth the effort. --- Expansion card: WARNING: WILL NOT READ ANY CARD OVER 1GB size! (I had purchased a 2GB card with the intent of putting mp3's on it and listening to them on the Zire. Wouldn't read it. Didn't realize this till I read the fine print. Fortunately, I have a camera which takes SD cards so I can use in the camera). --- Listening to mp3's: This really isn't gonna replace an iPod for features. They do say that listening to mp3's uses more battery than other functions. I would agree but then I've not used this for long periods of time as an mp3 player, so I can't really say. Functionally, mp3's play just fine with RealOne player. Sound quality is pretty good BUT I have noticed a "hiss" background noise when using earbud-style headphones; it's a lot less noticeable with "outside-the-ear" style headphones. Recommendation: outside-the-ear style headphones with an in-line (cord) volume control. If you're in a quiet environment, the lowest volume level on the RealOne player isn't all that soft. With non-volume-adjustment headphones, the lowest volume level (there's a slider bar on screen) was the loudest I wanted to hear. Headphones with a volume adjustment fixes that problem. ---  --- Overall, it's been worth the $$ for me as a replacement for my former m100, and it works ok as an mp3 player, as long as you can recharge it on a regular basis
The only thing that I have really used out of it has been the nail clippers. Otherwise, I wasted the money on it and could have put it towards something more useful.  Well, I guess you and learn.  It was my first baby, everything looks great and needed
I saw another mini microphone it got one star, the review was telling me it was horable. If i were you I would get the maga phone one the top of the list, type in maga phone in the search and you will find the list. --- DO NOT GET THIS!!!!!
My 3-year-old son liked Floam because of the goop factor, but unfortunately the goop the little foam pellets are suspended in seems to be a GREAT medium for growing MOLD.  This happened to us twice (despite clean hands/work space) so we gave up on it entirely.   ---  --- I suggest you try PlayFoam instead.  It's also available here on Amazon, or at Lakeshore Learning Store (look for samples at the checkout for 49 cents!) Playfoam has a nicer consistency, less sticky (but still moldable) and no odor
You should remove this merchant. They have numerous complaints on multiple websites. I ignored it and trusted amazon's brand. However, my experience was Horrible - they over charged me and when I called to rectify the issue, they weren't interested in trying to solve the problem, but simply place blame on me. Then the service rep hung up on me. I'll never do business with them again.
i was soooo excited to get this in the mail.  i have very oily skin.  the smell is great but the product is messy and my skin looks like i have acne.  i tried it with fresh farmacy and was so disappointed.  the shipping is insanely high.  i will stick to MAC skincare from now on
I own an older dispensor, from around 1999, and I was afraid that these filters wouldn't fit.  They do and seem to work fine.  I can't find a "replace" indicator on these new ones, the older filters had a sliding arrow to show when to replace them.  I guess that I just have to replace it on a calendar basis, they say the filters are good for 2 months
This is a good magazine for the home cook that wants to branch-out from the standard Family Circle or Good Housekeeping  no risk recipes. ---  --- My BIG problem with this company is once they've got your contact information, you will receive more junk mail than you thought one company could generate; hawking every single publication they produce, relentlessly. ---  --- I stopped subscribing and it took a year to stop receiving their snail spam; and there's no way to 'opt out' onlin
AVOID THIS PRODUCT, wait till PS3 with it's Hard drive an hope something better will come out. ---  --- Memory cards are flash memory an flash memory is FRAGILE, one whoops an it's destroyed. ---  --- Damn to hell Sony for making us pop 25 bucks a memory card in the first place. ---  --- BAD: --- STAY AWAY FROM MAX MEMORY MANAGER... DO NOT LOAD GAME SAVES FROM THE INTERNET ONTO YOUR MEMORY CARDS. IT WILL CORRUPT AN DESTROY YOUR MEMORY CARD/CARDS. One memory card is worth more than this stupid thing. I lost two memory cards an ALL my bazillion hours of gameplay.  ---  --- ALSO... the disc sucks, when the PS2 is warm, it won't recognize the disc & if you break or mess the disc up, no way you can make a copy of it an use that. Your screwed! ---  --- GOOD: --- The codes work an it's great to whip through a game that was driving you nuts or stressing you out before. ---  --- If you have complaints, call Datels US office --- (727) 431-065
this product is extremely difficult to learn. I recently purchased two more expensive manuals ro learn the process and also the tutorials the company has are beyond the average users learning.
I rented this game and returned it the next day because between my and my friend we could not get past the dancing scene we tried for like an hour and couldn't get past it don't waste your time or patience with this annoying game
My husband and I just had a wonderful baby girl (Apr. 9, 2007) and I simply could NOT live without this item. My daughter loves sleeping in it.  ---  --- It is light; therefore, it can be easily moved from one room to another, as needed. You could easily travel with it.... from hotels to the "Grandparents house." It can be folded compactly and easily stored; and, there is also a handle for carrying. The light at the top is excellent for those who wish to co-sleep as well.  ***Obviously, do not leave your child unsupervised in it!**   ---  --- It is excellent and I highly recommend it to ALL parents
I take two of this product before bed and it relaxes me and helps me sleep
I've owned several Norelco Shavers in the past but the 7180XL is definitely the best.  This shaver is extremely light weight, quiet and gives an extremely close/smooth shave. I find that I get 5 days of shaves on one full charge and a full charge takes about 50 minutes to complete. The shaver is also easy to clean using either wet or dry methods. --- The only complaint I have about the shaver is that no traveling case/pouch holder comes with it to hold the cord,shaver and cleaning brush. Just make sure you keep your old case holder from your previously owned shaver(s). Only time will tell on how this model will hold up. My 4 previous Norelcos have averaged around 5-6 years each
I have owned this watch for nearly 3 years now, and it has been wonderful.  It looks great, I have never had to replace the battery (according to Citizen, I never will either), and it keeps perfect time.  The clasp is very easy to operate and it fits very well.  It is definitely the lightest watch that I have ever owned.  I only have 2 gripes, one small, one could be a killing point for some people.   ---  --- The small gripe is that the crown (used to change the time/date/day) is a bit difficult to pull out to the correct position to move the date (for months with less than 31 days).  You have to pull it only halfway out (pulling it out fully will allow you to set the time), but it has a tendency to go past that to fully out or fully closed. ---  --- The larger gripe is that this watch scratches VERY easily.  I use the computer everyday for extended periods in my job.  Because of this, the bottom of the band has been scratched considerably on my desk which leaves dark grey marks on my desk and scratches on the band.  I have also scratched the metal part of the bezel just by bumping into something.  Titanium is nice and light, but probably not the best metal for a watch, especially if you plan on wearing it on a daily basis (even in an office environment)
I just watched this AWESOME DVD for the 1st time and it BLEW ME AWAY! The Corrs are the BEST!!!! However, my DVD didn't include a Booklet. Did anyone else get a Booklet with their DVD? Or does "Live at Lansdowne Road" not include a Booklet? Please post and let me know, thanks
Rooibos is Afrikaans for "red bush." Grown in South Africa's Cederburg Mountains and harvested during the summer, this tea acquires its unique red color as a result of fermentation (in mounds) and oxidization, when it is spread out to dry in the sunlight; naturally it is green. ---  --- Rooibos is known for its health benefits stemming from its rich content in vitamins, antioxidants, flavanoids and minerals (inter alia, magnesium, calcium, iron, copper, zinc, potassium, fluoride, manganese and alpha-hydroxy) and has a long tradition of medicinal use among the local Native population; among other things, it is known to help cure asthma, hay fever and other allergies, acne, eczema, colics, indigestion, insomnia, and nervous tension. Containing very few tannins and no caffeine, rooibos has a distinctive aroma and amber color. ---  --- This tea blends well with various spices and condiments; my favorite mixture is a delicious loose leaf blend sold by my local tea store, which features orange peel, cinnamon, grated coconut, finely minced chili and red pepper. For a more commercial alternative, though, Tazo's Red Bush tea is a great choice as well: a rich, exquisite blend of rooibos, hibiscus, orange peel, rosemary, several lemon ingredients (lemon myrtle, verbena and balm), as well as a number of sweet spices. Enjoy
I have the older version which was great but doesn't seem to work on WIN XP. Both do a great job especially when you need an emergency card. 2006 edition has a great added feature of being able to choose the size format for your card, big plus. The graphics are nice and there are many choices. It's a good deal at the price
I really enjoyed this book, it wasn't completely comprehensive but did give a good overview of Buffet's investment style.  While it didn't go heavily into the analysis of stocks that I would have liked it did describe who influenced Buffet, thanks to this book I was able to pick up some Fisher and Graham and have learned quite a bit. ---  --- All in all I would reccomend this book for someone interested in a light biography of Buffet or a little insight into how he makes decisions
Unfortunately, this is poorly designed. It is too high to rest you wrist on comfortably and the 'stimulating' rolling rubber parts are too hard and abrasive
Both my children get Thrush very easy so I purchased this product to sterilize the bottles and nipples with every use. My kids still get thrush and this product is terribly messy and the bottle look horrible afterwards. If my kids keep getting thrush, obviously this product does not work
"Vangelis: Themes" is a collection of some rare and some more popular theatrical theme music from movies including "Blade Runner" and "Mutiny On the Bounty." It's an extraordinary album and I highly recommend it
This unit works great... I bought it for my father and it works like it's supposed to. It has enough juice for a regular size CRT tv, and has been used to jump start a few times.  ---  --- The first unit i bought had a problem with the generator part and would not power anything up. I notified Amazon and in no time flat UPS was back to pick it up, and I got a new unit the next day!  ---  --- GREAT SERVICE FROM AMAZON!!! And a great product too
this movie sucks it sucks donkey balls. If you enjoyed this movie you should be shot you should be shot in the head. DIE YOU EVIL FANS OF THIS HORRIBLE MOVIE. Who the hell would put the time, money and effort into such a peice of junk. I suggest that everyone who was involved in the making of this "movie" should be rounded up and sent to consentration camps. I think this is the major problems of this world. This movie is the reason war exists. This movie is the reason people hate each other. please read this review and never watch that peice of crap
This soundtrack was `heart-brokenly' disappointing to me mainly because it lacks a few songs that were in the film.  I bought this soundtrack for one specific song (and it would've been worth every penny if only it was included): the song near the end when Alexander marches through the desert to return home to Babylon after his recovery.  Such a disappointment that wasn't included.   ---  --- In the other hand, I'm satisfied with some of the tracks that were included.  I particularly liked "Roxane's Veil" even though I don't recall hearing it in the film.    
I'm sure that this hair dryer is of exceptional quality - perhaps worth the price to some. But I'd be careful about buying something that uses fake science babble to try to convince you of its effectiveness. "most ionic and infrared" is gibberish. Tourmaline, a gemstone, has electrical properties (when squeezed or heated, it develops a charge across the crystal), but that has nothing to do with hair drying, or ionizing air, or anything else. I'd recommend buying a less expensive but still high-quality hair dryer instead of falling for a pseudoscientific scam
This is an easy device to set-up; it works great! I am very pleased with this produc
Man this is it, great mag for cool business people. What you do not know, you will after reading all this great info. Read on !!
If I could rate it no stars I would.Let me tell you that my son is now 8, and is perfectly normal, especially as a baby, but I'll tell you what YOU DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE....technically they are dangerous for the fomula,the safest thing to use is room tempature distilled water pour that in with the powdered formula give it HARD shake then your all set...It's that easy don't be lazy and take away vital nutrients from your baby by microwaving their formula
If you camp, hike or ski then this is a great whistle to use.  ---  --- Pealess means the cold will not matter and it will blow no matter what the weather. ---  --- High pitched and piercin
I love Toast, and have had it since version 3.  Don't have TiVO, so can't comment on usability, but for everything else it works better than software that comes with Mac.  Can't wait to try double-density and Blu-Ray, with which this is compatible.  Even earlier versions could burn more different kinds of media than the burn software that came with the Mac.  A friend of mine just switched from PC to Mac, and this was the first software that I suggested he buy.  As another reviewer said, if you have Toast, you don't need Popcorn.  The best!!
Fast service, good price. Look forward to future business dealings.
Wasted my money for this SLOW hub... --- Be aware that if you want to connect your printer, scanner, ipod etc. to this device, think again
The Deep End is one of my top ten favourite films of 2001. This moody, suspenseful and very intelligent suspense drama about a mother who finds herself in a terrifying situation with a couple of blackmailers is told with great subtletly and superb style.  ---  --- Criticised by some as being logic free, I dont disagree that some plot turns are flawed (eg anyone disposing of a body would not do so in such shallow water. Why did the blackmailers presume that the main character could come up with $50,000.00 in less than 24 hours? etc)but the taut, effortless direction, inspired casting, elegant cinematography and surprising emotional depth make The Deep End a superior and absorbing tale with characters who are truly complex and interesting to watch.  ---  --- The terrific performances only enhance the enjoyment as Tilda Swinton gives a masterly, fresh portrayal as Margaret Hall,  a good, dedicated mother who will do anything for her children and Goran Visnijic who adds a real humanity to his role of Alex Spera, a initially cold hearted blackmailer whose conscious starts to kick in when he fully realises what he is doing to Margaret and her family. Supporting actors are also solid and Raymond Barry is convincingly menacing in his two scenes as Spera's more vicious crime partner. ---  --- Oh, and Lake Tahoe looks absolutely stunning, a unique and extremely effective backdrop for this film' story. Excellent. 
I bought this item as a gift for my dad.  I was unable to get the atomic clock to self set, but we live just outside of a large city, and I've heard this can cause some issues . . . In any event, my dad loves the crescendo alarm feature (as he gets up at 4:30 am) and the projection feature.  Everything else works fine, and I would recommend this item.  Perhaps if I played with the atomic clock a bit more I could get it to self set . . .
Very satisfied to find this speedometer available.  Perfect to put with my Schwinn Cruiser Deluxe 7.....had been searching for something like this for awhile. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for retro gear
I waited a long time for Canon to come out with image-stabilized binoculars in a 100% waterproof design.  These were worth the wait.  I bought mine specifically for a cruise up Alaska's Inside Passage.  One of our sight-seeing excursions was on a 45-foot boat in heavy seas.  A fellow on this trip had a massive set of Fujinon 16x40 Gyro-Stabilized binoculars that sell for nearly $6,000.  We spent time comparing my Canon binoculars to his Fujinons.  Optically there is NO comparison.  The Canons, while not as superb optically as the best Leica binoculars, are awfully good.  They are far brighter, much sharper, and more accurate in their color rendition than the Fujinons.  The ONLY reason to spend an extra $4,500+ on the Fujinons is if you require the absolute best image stabilization that money can buy.  If you are using binoculars in very severe conditions (high seas, etc.) you will get better performance with the gyro-stabilization in the Fujinons.  In 99% of applications you will get far better results with the Canons.  Though the Fujinons are higher in their rated magnification the only time you'll see a difference is under conditions where motion is severe.  In calmer seas (not calm, just not severe) you will be better off with the Canons; the Fuji's are so much dimmer and lacking in clarity that the Canons make up the magnification difference fairly quickly. ---  --- Finally, the waterproof aspect of these binoculars really is worth having.  On the above-mentioned trip we were buffeted by rain and spray from the waves.  The Canons functioned flawlessly without a hitch, and cleaned up nicely afterwards.  These are one of the best products I've ever used, and lived up to their performance claims in every regard. ---  --- One point to note: if you want the maximum battery life it is well worth buying lithium AA batteries to use with these binoculars; this will greatly extend your battery life, particularly in cold weather
I use MarketSpice Loose Tea to put inside sachet's which are then stashed and hung around the house from November through Febuary. The tea gives off a fabulous aroma all fall and winter long
they dont display all of the information.this product doesnt come with cimbols.wasnt worth what i payed for it.DONT BUY THES SET
I really enjoyed this bomb - it was very refreshing and relaxing. It is a big bomb and I could have broken it in half  but I didn't want to risk missing a thing! So far I have been happy with my Lush purchases and my favorite bomb is Sex Bomb, but I would buy this one again or give it as a gift
Wow, let me start off by telling you that I had this video personally when I was younger.  I would ask for it constantly, and can still remember having it and watching it everyday. It really helped me learn and the drawings are great! Somewhere in the process of 'growing up,' the video was lost and I'm still upset about it. I'm not ready to have kids myself, but I know that when I do, I definitely want to re-purchase this video! It's so great to have things like this to help your children start learning at a young age and I recommend it to everyone. :
I just logged in to see this item's price so that I could price ours for the consignment sale.  Neither of my girls was crazy about tummy time, and this didn't help that at all. 
Bought these for my Nikon D200 about 3 months ago. Never having used Tiffen before I took a chance on a recommendation. Vignetting can be an issue for polarizing filters and the vignetting on this one is the worse I've seen. Build quality of all the filters is really not very good. Going to go back to Hoya's which are much better
My son got this game as a gift.  I brought it into my junior high classroom to use on a game day.  The kids love this game and request it over and over.  Many other teachers have asked to borrow it for their classes.  It is a great vocabulary builder.  I also made my own cards with letters of the alphabet on them.  I use these when we are studying parts of speech --  they have to come up with a noun (adjective, verb, etc) that begins with that letter.  This is a great game and a good way to make a rather dull subject more interesting
I've been a People subscriber for 2 years now & I quite agree with the majority of reviewers... Same Celebrities, different week. If it isn't Tomkat/kitten, it's Branjelina or Benifer 2. Oh, and we cannot forget "Mrs. Oops, I Did It Again" Spears-Federline. Very little on real people/human interest stories anymore, very little... ---  --- As for the actual magazine, it seems I've become, through no choice of my own, one of People's Quality Control employees. After subscribing, I informed Customer Service of my allergy to their scented inserts. I was told a note would be made to my account and I would no longer receive inserts in my magazine. Here is where my job of QC employee came in, with my having to remove these inserts several times the first year, then again the second year in which I made another call to Customer Service. They apologized. Stated there was a note on my account regarding my request then they offered to extend my subscription for two more weeks. ---  --- Next problem and part of my "new" job requirements... reassembling my magazine. I received at least 4 or 5 issues of People put together either backwards, upside down or with half of the magazine in the front & the other half flipped over in back. In order to read and enjoy these issues, I had to remove the staples, try and rearrange the pages & then line the pages up by the staple holes to reinsert the staples. Again I called Customer Service to complain. Again they apologized then offered to extend my subscription another 2 weeks. ---  --- I've since written to cancel my subscription. I've not heard a word back from People Inc., regarding this. We'll see how it turns out
Hi, ---  --- I'm not a "review" person, but when I read the existing reviews, I felt like doing this. --- I used this product for 2 months and I must tell you that it really WORKS! --- I'm hispanic-black woman (dominican) with relaxed fine hair and my hair grows normally, but only neck-chin lenght, no further than that. With this product I achieved a maximum growth rate and now my hair is leaving behind the accustomed lenght. --- I bought again the product to see how longer it can grows!!! ---  --- I've been completely sincere with you...I'm not a staffer of this product company, I'm a real and very happy user!!! ---  --- Hope this comment will be helpful for other women. I have only one last thing to say: Try it!!!! It worked for me..
 All of these bad reviews confuse a movie they didn't like with a badly made movie. This is a very well made movie, with perfectly competent performances. The tone is quite serious, and the ending won't cheer anyone up. But then there are many people who loved Titanic, which I found utterly depressing. More to the point, though, who cares about the problems of these rich kids? Not me. The REAL reason to watch this is to see Molly Ringwald at her most beautiful. And if you enjoy this film, check out Less Than Zero, another gloomy but solid (& underrated) '80s film. The WORST '80s film is Bright Lights, Big City - don't say I didn't warn you!
i love this simply designed, sturdy potty. my son loves it which is most important. he has no trouble sitting down on it; no pinching, no crampedness, no tipping over. the well sized arm rests help him up & down & the splash gaurd is high enough to prevent him peeing all over! having only 2 pieces & no crevices or anywhere for stuff to get trapped it is so incredibly easy to clean. the first few days we had it my son thought it was so comfy that he would bring into the living room to sit on & read books! great product, great price. i am now planning on getting another one to leave at my mother's.
I was very disappointed in this mirror.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because I do use the mirror. I have a 2000 VW Passat with a headrest in the middle seat so I had no problem installing it. It's great to watch my little one while I drive. I do see the other reviewer's point about it being a safety issue because you kind of get obsessed with watching your baby and you should keep your eyes on the road. However, it never obstructed my view at all.  ---  --- I registered for this because of the remote control feature. Well, the remote control only turns the unit on and off and you have to keep the switch on the unit "on" (remote control access mode) in order for it to work.  There's a switch on the unit to play music OR turn the lights on and play music. You cannot control that feature from the remote control. You also cannot control the volume from the remote. It's really a pain.  I'm keeping it because I like the mirror but I'm not happy with it.  Save your money and buy the SafeFit Baby In Sight mirror.
i'm just turning 14 and i started skateboarding about 3 months ago. i got one of those cheep walmart special skateboards and i couldnt do anything with it. then i got these bearings and popped 'em in and they are slick and smooth. i swear this made my board a good 20 times better
This chart has been an excellent way for our children to track their daily progress towards completing their weekly chores and an excellent way to begin the work for allowance process. Only draw back there really isn't enough room to track chores for more than one child
I just got this camera a month ago and I am satisfied with it. It has a lot of features despite its size. And for point and shoot I can say it's a great buy, comparable to other power packed cameras, it even takes better pictures sometimes. ---  --- But I just had to give it a 4 because I thought I could do more with it. But you can't do much with the settings since it has it's own default settings for certain conditions. But over all it's a great camera. If you're just after taking normal pictures and you want something sleek, this is definitely a good buy. --- 
The Spice Girls are the best!and if you are a Spice Fan than this is the movie for you.I love i
HEY! ---  --- NEVER LIKED JA FOOL! --- HE IS AND WILL ALWAYS BE OVER! --- WHERE IS HE??????? --- LIKE I CARE! --- ANY WAY!!!! ---  --- 50 HAS SOLD 16 MILLION+ CD'S --- AND JA FOOL HAD THE NERVE TO SAY 50 DON'T SELL!! --- HA!!!!!! --- JA FOOL!!! ---  --- GREATEST HITS!!!!!!!!!! --- NUFF SAID! ---  --- OVER JA FOOL RULE!!
I cook almost everything from scratch, so I figured Home Cooking would be for people like me, who make the effort to make good quality home cooking without the silly ingredients you see in some of those gourmet magazines. Instead, recipes consist of packaged dough in a can, bottled sauces, etc. I don't need to read a magazine to figure out that I can put a jar of spaghetti sauce on some pasta and add velveeta to make a casserole!
Just from picking up this mag in the store, and reading their spin-off "Pocket Gaming", I have concluded that this magazine is pure rubbish, I wouldn't waste my money subscribing
I love these workouts. They are very intense, and the results are almost immediate;however this series is not for beginners. The best part of these workouts is your left feeling it for at least a day.  ---      My only complaints with this series were the lack of attention Billy paid to the lower half of the body and the bands are sometimes cumbersome to use with certain moves. ---      All in all this was a great purchase for me. I will probably purchase the new Bootcamp elite series
By far this is the best printer I've had I been buying epson for many years if you like your pictures to have that pro photo look this the printer to own.The price is great delivery was very quick rec'd it next day.When you buy epson you won't back.
Rarely is there a book that I can not put down, this was an exception. Quite a suspensfull page turner. Any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that. I would have given it 5 stars, but I do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel, that's just my taste.  By far,  however, one of the best books I have read in a long time
A friend of mine introduced me to the BabyPlus system.  I am just now beginning my third trimester and have been using the BabyPlus since week 20.  I enjoy the 2 hours a day I use the system.  I feel like I am 'doing a good thing' for my little boy on the way.  While using BabyPlus, the battery cover clips snapped off.  I emailed customer service and they happily offered to replace the cover, no questions asked.  BabyPlus is a company that seems more concerned with a positive experience for the baby, rather than making sure I had all the required paperwork for replacement parts
This is our first and only child seat and has worked quite well for us. We do need to put in a specialized cushon for our baby's head. There have been recent articles warning against letting your baby sleep in a child seat and sine babies' head muscles aren't very strong, the support is a good addition.  I find the triangle grip excellent but even with a small baby in the seat, you will not want to cary this very far at all.  My wife in fact had a back injury carying our son in this seat and that was just from the car to our house !  Some day, these seats may come with some other innovation making them more ergonomic for parents.  I don't know that it would have been different in another seat, but be warned, these things are not meant to actually carry a child by hand and women have weakened muscles after giving birth. It's a terrible combination.  Carying the baby in this seat should be a task for husbands for several months as I found out too late. ---  --- Back to the seat, it works quite well in the car and with the baby trend snap-n-go. We use the snap-n-go quite often and it prevents you from repeatedly removing your child from the seat and snapping him back in (which can be trying for you and your kid). ---  --- I was disappointed the unit had no SPF rating for the sun shade. That feature may not have made it to child seats but sun protection is extremely important for babies and it wouldn't be difficult to use a protective fabric.  I called Baby Trend and they had no idea if and how well the shade actually blocked harmful UV rays.  Other seats may not have this feature either but we will look closely for it in the future after being sternly warned by the child safety class at the hospital.  Babies have super sensitive skin and it's important to avoid any direct sunlight if possible. I know it sounds extreme and alarmist but it also should be very easy to do and is recommended by the American Adadamy of Pediatrics ([...]). For now, you would need an additional cover on top of the included cover. ---  --- Pros: Consumer report top pick, not as expensive as some ---  --- Cons: No SPF rating or sun UV protection listed for sun shade. Heavy and non ergonimic to cary by hand (not a complaint specific to this particular seat, they probably all are)
These are wonderful cookies! However, the reason I couldn't give a full 5 stars was because so many of the boxes in the case had a lot of crumbled cookies. The boxes were not damaged in any way, so I am guessing they could have been packaged that way. Not cool! Otherwise, they are much better tasting than oreos in my opinion. I'll never go back to those
I bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster. It's easy to use! It prints very fast.Print quality is excellent. Changing diferent type of labels is easy too. I highly recommend this printer
I got what I expected. It's functional and not too poorly made. The only problem I had was that the scratcher part was a little too sharp. I filed the sharp edges off and now it's great. The rolling wheels still have no function for me, but they don't get in the way
These Glowsticks are really great. They are the perfect fund raisers. The colours are vibrant and they do last for hours. I have odrered and used these many times and they are my biggest sellers at Carnival (Mardi Gras) time. Some of the connectors in the last shipment however tended to crack after a while, those came with the sticks in the blue 50pc packs. Those that came with the yellow 100pc packs in my previous orders were perfect! ---  --- All in all this is a very good deal. Kids and adults alike are attracted to these bracelets.You will make quite a profit with them. --- 
This magazine offers a complete guide to shooting anything that takes me outdoors
I've been using Remington's Shaver Saver for 20 years. It keeps your shaver clean, lubricates well with not too much gooey oil, and works in an instant. I use a Remington MS2-100 Microscreen 2, and after a Shaver Saver treatment the shaver glides smoother over my face and shaves quicker and closer. A treatment seems to last for a while and I don't think it's necessary to use it every day. Usually 2 to 3 times a week seems to be sufficient and your shaver will continue to perfrom like new
I am a professional photographer, and I have owned this camera for nearly two years.  I also have a D70 for backup.  The batteries go forever, it is very quick to respond, the images are beautiful, and it has the typical Nikon durability and reliability.  If you are already a Nikon user, the controls will fall easily to hand. ---  --- That having been said, the computer software with this camera is a joke.  For the best image quality shoot RAW files, color balance with a grey card, and render the images with software like Capture One LE.  The uselessness of the included software is the only reason that this camera gets four instead of five stars.  Come on, Nikon, be real!!! ---  --- Shortly after I got my first D70, I shot a model for a small photo for a side bar in a catalog.  I got an ugly feeling in my gut when I was told that the designer had taken a shot that was 3/4 figure, cropped to the head and shoulders, and enlarged the image for the cover of the 8.5 x 11 in catalog.  By the time I found out, it was already at the printer.  As it turned out, I was pleasantly surprised: the cover shot looked great.  After that incident, I have trusted this camera and have always been pleased with the results. ---  --- This camera is better than 35 mm in every way except response to the shutter button.  In resolution and color reproduction it is more comparable to a medium format film camera.  It is imperative to shoot RAW and process the files properly to get the most out of this camera. ---  --- I can't wait to try the D80
This watch was great. I really loved the digital feature residing in the analog face.  --- I don't know about others out there but analog watches are the only way to go. I love the fact that I can visually see what time it is in a graphical representation, but I love having the digital features such as the alarm, timer, stopwatch, and date feature. --- I wore the watch 24/7 and it never ever gave me a problem, however, when I was filming an independent film within a west texas silo I lost the watch climbing the ladder out. I was climbing a straight vertical steel pipe ladder and as I reached the top hatch, which lead to the top landing, my watch face caught on the side of the steel ladder and the band pins broke. Next thing I knew I heard a "plop" and new my wonderful watch was on its way to the bottom of a 120 foot watery depth!! --- I will probably get another one but I really would love one with a metal band
These Airforce drinks have reasonable flavors and clear attributions as to their ingredients. Additionally, they seem to provide a little nutritional support beyond the comfort provided by functioning as a polite treat. I like this mandarin-mint flavor the most but all are pretty good. The small Red Bull style cans look chic in the refrigerator and are a lovely, rather special no-trouble hospitality offering for guests and visitors
The Meguiars water magnet lives up to its name. It dries great and does not scratch. Make sure to wash the car with a brush before drying to get all the dirt off, simple powerwashing will not remove all dirt. Do not use one of those california water blades, sand and dirt particles get swiped across the side and leave tons of tiny scrathes
it's very poorly made. zipper didn't work when it arrived, and when I tried to pull it, thread was torn apart and beads fell...  ---  --- cheap stuff, shouldn't have ordered it.
Roman, by Roman Polanski is a very good book.  It is very touching about his memories of his late wife, Sharon Tate and their short life together.  Roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the Manson Group.  He had a  very hard life in Poland during WWII.  He lost both his parents during that  time, but he grew up to be a world famous director.  The book tells about  his struggles during these times, and also during the period after the  deaths of his wife and child.  He tells about his Hollywood days of  directing, his famous friends, famous people and then what turned out to be  his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him  being arrested.  To avoid persecution, Roman left the United States and has  been in exile in France ever since, but still directs and has released more  movies.   But, the book is very well told, and gives a good insite on  Roman's life and his career
This is a pretty accurate radar gun for baseball, as far as I can tell. If you follow the directions, and are as close to the action as possible, and at a "straight on" angle, it looks like its correct in the + - 1 mph statement. However, this is a cool gadget, but if you are serious about "speed" and would like more versatility, then your going to have to go with the official MLB JUGS gun...but at a much higher price. ---  --- good luck
This movie is full of memorable scenes, although it's probably been more than a decade since I last saw it.  It's suspenseful without being gory...the most memorable scene is one that is absolutely chilling without ever showing a drop of blood. And even though I'd read the book and knew the outcome I was on the edge of my seat right to the finish
Eric Reed is a monster pianist. Under the right circumstances, he could record a Christmas album that would become an instant classic. This, however, is an unfortunate example of what happens when an overconfident artist tries to do everything himself. ---  --- Reed produced and arranged this album himself. Probably if he had hired an objective producer, that producer would have told him to hire an arranger. Reed's arrangements are second-rate. His version of "Santa Claus Is Coming To Town" has been downshifted into a parody that serves as the worst example of an annoying trend: Reed attempts to put a fresh twist on nearly every song. It's an admirable goal, but he doesn't have what it takes; and the result is like a restaurant that serves hamburgers with a knife and fork, and swordfish crumbled over salad. It just doesn't work. ---  --- I hope this isn't the last Christmas album from Eric Reed. He's one of the truly original voices of his generation; and with his gospel background and feel for the blues, there's no doubt in my mind he could record an album that would rival "A Charlie Brown Christmas." But this isn't it. He needs to hand over the reins of his next project and focus on the piano
When the internal rechargable battery dies so does the unit. --- The power cord will not power the shaver once the battery can no longer hold a charge.   You cannot replace the regargable battery yourself! --- Sending the unit for factory repair after its warranty will cost you more than buying a new one. --- As for the shave: not bad, but not exceptional either. --- The cutters a very tiny, not built to last, and are not durable. --- All rechargable batteries have a limited life depening on conditions on how they are used. --- This shaver may last you a few months - a year, 2 to 3 years will be a stretch.  I also have a braun and a norelco, the norelco is 10years old and running fine, the braun is 15 years - both have original cutters and foil - I heavy duty clean them in 97% alchohol about once a year, and brush out debris about once every 7 uses, these units dont have batteries and this is why I purchased the remington to have acess when there is no power plug available. --- The Remington shaver really needs to have it's cutter blades cleaned (brushed off or washed) after every use (what a Pain)! --- I find this shaver to be a waste of money as it is more akin to being a disposable electric shaver - than one that will last
I've heard no complaints from either one, it's a hit
If you're a candy addict, like I am, these are dangerous! They arrived quickly and are fresh. I've kept them in a tupperware container so they don't get hard or stale and have been happily munching away for 3 months. 
I bought this toy bar for my second child and absolutely loved it at first.  My daughter loves to play and chew on the toys and it keeps her totally entertained for trips to the mall or doctor.  It fits beautifully on my Graco Quattro Tour stroller.  The big drawback is the turtle snack cup came off, revealing a screw, which scratched my daughters arm.  I feel Sassy needs to recall this item and make some adjustments.  The only reason I give it 2 stars is because of the potential hazard of the cup coming off
I was excited when I purchased this ear thermometer because I had an ear thermometer years ago that I loved. I was unfortunately very disappointed with this one's performance. The temperature seemed innaccurate when we were testing it right after purchase. Then about two weeks ago my daughter came down with a fever. I could feel that she was burning up, but the ear thermometer read 97.5 when I checked it (twice). I got out the oral thermometer and discovered her fever was actually 102.1!!!   ---    ---  Needless to say this thermometer went back to the store. I won't buy another ear thermometer until I can afford to get a better brand, like the one I had years ago (ThermoScan). :o
I bought this phone at the same time I bought the i870. I've dropped my i870 a couple of times and it's fine. My husband dropped the "rugged" phone once and the antenna, which sticks out like a thumb, snapped off.  --- Nextel does not warrantee the phone unless you have their insurance plan, regardless of the advertising claims that this phone is durable to army standards. What army? DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! (unless of course, you also want to buy the insurance to replace it when it breaks in a few months
Gibbon's "Decline and Fall" is without a doubt one of the most well-written and truly comprehensive historical works concerning the Roman Empire.  From the military maneuvers of the northern legions to the intrigues of the Imperial Court, Gibbon showcases the history of Rome as it unfolded--often relying on the eyewitness testimony of contemporary writers to give readers a sense of the passions and policies of the time.  There are a few minute problems--or rather gaps--in Gibbon's work, but given that he originally published in the late 1700's we can excuse his lack of complete information.  Overall, an excellent read and a great history of such an important subject
My kids were getting very frustrated with the connections of masts and hulls.  They are very poorly designed and "pressure" fit to a point where they easily pop off. Both boats - the Royal Dutchman and Black Pearl - have poor fitting. Compared to lego, the ability for parts to connect and stay connected is extremely poor. ---  --- I plan to write a letter to Mega Blocks about this quality issue
I'm amazed that people didn't like this book more... I am also a Land Arch student who had it as an assigned book that was rarely actually assigned.  I was thumbing through it in hopes of generating ideas for another class and was amazed at the amount of usable information it contained.  Perhaps it is better digested in chunks instead of the whole.  I found it great as a reference book
this is truely a must have. the flat non-stick skewers holds everything in place, they won't flop around so the unbalanced pieces of food are always on the bottom near the heat. a friend told me about these at gander mountain selling for $7.39 a set, but i checked here 1st and found them for $5.99 a set. i ordered 5 sets!! the skewers are 14" long for plenty of food. get yours today, don't wait. get at least 2 sets. 
Good enough for me, but I like to tinker with things. Has been running continuously for over 3 years, have replaced the batteries a few times, they dont last forever but the power drain is reasonable. It has survived 3 hurricanes, none were a direct hit but it has recorded wind speeds of 83 MPH. After about 2 1/2 years of operation the anemometer stopped working, knowing it was out of warranty I pried it open and found the magnet it uses to trigger the wind speed sensor had rusted and fallen out. I glued another ring magnet in with 3M 5200 RTV (Killer Stuff By The Way) and it is running like a champ. This item is about $[...] to $[...] less than the Oregon Scientific WMR-968 and it comes with the software and cable you need to connect it to your PC it is a super deal, you can spend $[...] to $[...] connecting your Oregon Scientific unit to your PC. After setup and calibration all you need to send your weather data to the Internet is a program called WUHU (Weather Underground HeavyWeather Updater) and an account at Weather Underground, check my weather at wunderground.com Station Number KFLROCKL4. For the money I cant beat it, I wish I had a Davis but I cant justify the expense, maybe when I win the Lotto..
"Fortune" is a classic on the newsstand, and is as vital and important today as ever. "Fortune" generally caters to people with a managerial bent, especially upper-level executives, but also offers excellent analysis on current events in the business world, the global and national economic climate, and forward-looking technology and trend information.  ---  --- Each issue is normally organized around a theme or major story, like the Enron trial, or the 100 best companies to work for in a given year. I do enjoy the articles where they rank things, but more than the rankings themselves, I am always interested in the justifications they use for their rankings; while I don't always agree with the magazine, I do always find it good food for thought. ---  --- The features are generally very polished and accurate, and the lessons are conveyed in a straightforward manner that is as useful to a CEO as to a college business student. I particularly appreciate the interviews that "Fortune" has with key players in the financial industry, and also appreciate the very useful index of companies and individuals featured in every issue.  ---  --- The magazine will probably not be the favorite for investing advice because it also covers so much other financial terrain; small investors may also want to read a more specific magazine like "Kiplinger's." Nonetheless, the investment advice and insight "Fortune" offers should generally be held in high esteem.  ---  --- I also appreciate the coverage of key trends, and in particular want to note that "Fortune" has been in the lead with excellent reporting on the pension crisis in America: coverage of this sort is what makes me a loyal reader. ---  --- Many other financial magazines are available and are competing for your money; while there are several I would recommend, "Fortune" remains a reliable source of information on macro-level trends, and should be a part of everyone's business library
We heat our home with a coal stove, so when it comes time to put the baby down I worry that the room might become too cold.  With this monitor I can keep an ear on the baby at the same time as keeping an eye on the temperature and humidity level in her room.  The humidity level comes in handy during cold season, I've found.  The night light on this monitor is great, it's very adjustable or you can shut it off altogether.  I've not owned it very long, so I can't comment on durability yet, but so far so good.  My [..] has dropped the parent receiver once or twice and it's still fine.  I would definitely recommend this monitor, thank God the price was right too
Why should one buy this series? What about the missing episodes? Are they going to be added later, or this is it? I cannot believe this. Would you buy a bicycle with a missing wheel? Or a keyboard without the C and R keys? I'd like Amazon to explain its customers what it plans to do..
The free batch was great!  Specialty cards with 3-d designs.  The original cards were okay, but not private greeting card quality. 
When I saw in a magazine that Croc was making a style of their shoes that was NOT UGLY, I literally went the same day to Dillard's to get a pair for myself! They are unbelievably comfortable - it feels like you're standing on clouds! ---  --- The Amazon listing doesn't show all the colors that they come in: light pink, silver, gold, celery, lavender, light blue, white, black and fuschia. All the colors are really adorable, and I had a hard time deciding! ---  --- I have also had issues with sizing, just as other reviewers have had. I usually wear a 7.5 Wide in women's shoes, but when I tried on the Primas in an 8, they were ridiculously big, and when i tried them on in a 7, they were a tad too snug. I really wish they made half sizes. I ended up buying the 7, even though it was a little small, but I read about a great trick to help mold the shoes to my feet, that works like a charm: throw them in the clothes dyer for two minutes on medium heat, then pull them out, and while they are toasty warm, immediately put them on your feet and wear them for about a half hour, and voila, they will now fit perfectly! ---  --- Grade: A-
Santa got this castle for my five year old son for christmas. I agree with many of the other reviewers, though it is visually appealing it is very flimsy and was painstaking to put together. Despite all that my son seems to be enjoying. This toy is fun for the child but not for the parents. --- 
This movie is so stupid it is funny.  I saw it when it first came out and I still haven't forgotten it nor will I ever. This is what the writers of the Groove Tube, Saturday Night Live, and Second City Television are all about.  Watch this film and see a true comedy classic.  Individual skits like "Catholic High School Girls in Trouble" could have been made into a full length movie all to itself.  It was an era where one didn't have to be politically correct.  This is what comedy is all about.  Forget the garbage we see today.  Forget Martin Lawrence or Cedric the Entertainer.  See Kentucky Fried Movie and you will see what comedy is suppose to be or what it once was.  Oh, by the way, Stephen Bishop also has a cameo role in this film and he isn't singing "On and On"
i had never known that there was a movie made about the life story of one of my very favourite singers patsy cline.well they needn't have bothered as it was a very much by the numbers story something definetely not above anything that you would see as a midday movie on any weekday.i liked both of the main actors,jessica lange and ed harris.the problem for me was that there was no attempt at conveying any real depth to the characters.whilst i appreciate that there has to be some element of fiction in most bio-pics anyone watchimg the movie and not having heard of patsy cline would be none the wiser for her motivations and driving forces.the only saving grace for me was that patsys singing was used in the movie to at least try to convey the quality that others saw in her singing
It's a good phone, works well. I like the Caller ID & Function buttons being a different color than from the rest of the phone, makes them easier to see & use. It has good sound & a ring tone that doesn't jangle the nerves. --- The only problem I had with it is that the cord goes directly into the phone & one must use the cord that the phone comes with, rather than one already in use. I purchased an adapter so that I could plug it into an extension phone cord because we needed to put it some distance from the wall jack. Not a big deal in my book but one I didn't learn about until I got the phone. --- Overall I am pleased with it
I've been looking for weight lifting gloves, and trying out gloves that seemed to work for me but either bled onto my hands or ripped.  These gloves, however, dried out my hands and made me use lots of moisturizers.  They also tore down the knuckles on my left hand and in between the thumbs.  Weighlifting gloves are yes supposed to keep your hands dry during work outs and to prevent calases.  These gloves dried out my hands completely and gave me calases.  If you want a good pair of gloves do not get these
This is a great radio for sailboats and other boats that do not have a 12v power supply
This is a very nice ring, I bought one for a gift and decided to keep it myself and ordered anothe
I carried this pump on my bike because is small, light and looks good.  But when I had a flat the pump was usless and left me stranded on the highway. This is one of several Bell products I've been dissatisfied with
I am just writing this review to correct Alexander from Russia, who cites this album as a Christianity peddler.  Leonard Cohen is a Jew, who unlike Bob Dylan (on John Wesley Harding) embraces his sense of Jewish heritage and religion within his music.  Alexander, you've brought your own interpretation to what is a distinctly Jewish artist and his work
I love this bracelet.  It's very pretty & looks just like it was shown.  Looks expensive & tasteful.  I have bigger wrists, so I'd like it better if it came in larger sizes..but it goes great with my watch
To learn some Italian before visiting Italy, I tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library. Some were ridiculous, many required using a workbook.  Then I stumbled on the Pimsleur program, which is totally audio, allowing me to learn Italian while I drove to and from work. Due to the pedagogically- sound method Pimsleur developed for language learning, I actually did learn some basic Italian.  As a result I bought "Conversational Italian." Though I've never considered myself adept at language-learning, I actually felt confident in my ablility to learn Italian as a result of these CDs. I've raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language
I have two boys, 10 and 12.  The younger one bought a webkinz first and after seeing how much fun he had at the website, the older one asked for one for his birthday.  The website is very kid friendly.  You won't have to worry about what they will see on this website.  It is great fun, and even I play on it!  I highly recommend this for any age child
I am an author and journalist and I have to say this is the best novel I have ever read. True to the word "haunting.
Doesn't stay in place, too expensive...  I do better with a waterproof diaper changing pad!  I cut slits in it for the buckle and straps to go through, and it works TONS better.  Save your money on this one
My husband is now able to slow cook food on the grill now that he can add charcoal to the BBQ as needed. If you have a weber, get this
1 star for looking at the game cover in the store, 2 stars for the visual and audio and playinggggg.-Walk, pick up specified items, push things, use a few gadgets.-Those save points that are maddening rather than save as you go.-Things to do over for the another character.-Same collection of villans over and over.-The cut scenes are sketched for you and the narration is on and on.-(why do the houses look so similar.)-Stuff in the houses that you can not touch. boring.-Find Things you need but can not use yet and have to go back for it.-Not so puzzle solve as much as fetch this and that.-No free range chicken, doors are often locked.-Had to catch same snakes more than 3 times (weeee)-Atleast if you fail a task you get to try again. -REMEMBER nothing goes well, from the get go.-I found no cheats online for this game as of yet... -Dont play the piano, you hit buttons when they float by on screen.-The kids are cute and each special gadget and moves such as they are.I have Never read these books but there is a Warning at the start of the game that this is depressing and states nothing comes out right for these kids.If you want to try this game rent it.If you want to buy this game for someone......make sure you dont mind making yourself depressed for spending the cash and them for playing it.. Do you play the game or does it play you? :-
Oh my goodness Rodger, oh my goodness.  Just oh my gosh, I'm just stunned.  This is the crappiest pice of crap that was ever ingested and mushed into chyme.  Yeah, you heard me, this is chyme.  Ok, let's see, let's mix bland country ballads with all kinds of awkward pop/country crossovers.... what do we get, half-baked, half-digested stuff that is for dumb teenage girls who are massively overweight.  Well, they're probably smarter than me........... I'm like as smart as a fungi.  No One Needs To Know and Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under are on the right direction out of the smelly stool sample.  Before I get too many people wanting to massively torture me with horrible utensils I'll say something nice.  Come On Over was an EXCELLENT effort, with all kinds of hooks, great production (errr, I mean it is Robert "I'm actually dead" Lang), and all kinds of fun.  Up! was even better (I'm not going to praise it too much, though, I mean, I AM an 18 year old guy...... so I already feel like I should be staring at a picture of Kevin Sorbo or something... which is not cool, I mean unless it's just hero worship, I could worship Kevin Sorbo)!  But still, we have this horrible, stinking, steaming mass of smelly wet clay-like pudding to shovel into the toilet (it's INTENDED target)...... looks like someone has bad aim
I don't have an abundance of money, but I would definitely pay double if the quality of the sheets was better. I don't even want to know what the thread count is on these sheets... From what I understand, these are the only sheets that fit the thing, so I guess I'm just out of luck. Hope to see an alternative to these sheets real soon. ---   ---  
I had JVC product and some of my friends too. These are good at the begining and after an year the motors will have problem and also the tape heads will have problem. Even the cable pins will wearout easaly and will not work properly. Price may be less buy its not worth for long run. I feel Sony and Canon are better than JVC. Even Hitachi is good
I bought 2. one fell off my belt and i lost it. the other does not work at all. it works even if if i shake it and the insides hit the cover from inside. maybe its broke already.i dont recommend anyone to buy it. just walk rather than buy such gizmos. that is the pilosophy i learnt from this episode
High Beam is a nice subtle highlighter. However, be sure to blend it very quickly and well or it will look unnatural in certain lighting (it'll look like you have pink nail polish on your face). It also has a tendency to emphasize pores. So only use it on areas of your face where you don't have any, like on the top of the cheek bone and under your eyebrows.  --- 
I love chocolate, and always buy the 70%-on up variety's so I looked forward to trying these.I expected some bitterness, but  these tasted (when eaten raw) like burnt chocolate nuts.I still prefer to eat them this way though
I have been using this rack all summer and still have yet to see it rust as someone mentioned in an earlier review.  The rack is certainly a space saver and comes in handy when you have a lot of grilling do.  I have used it when smoking chicken and ribs in my Weber Kettle, and noticed that the meat may tend to touch when placed in the rack so not all areas may be exposed to the smoke.  If this happens, I may rotate the pieces or just leave it like it is since I'm not entering anything in a competition!  Everything still has the same great taste but the parts that were not exposed to the smoke will have a different color. 
This software does not come close to the once-upon-a =-time quality of Adobe products. it  is shot  full of bugs overall. Not only does it cause your Photoshop system to quit working, it affects your entire Mac operating System. Adobe knows this is true because they try to cover up with a several page discussion about how operating systems, not Lightroom, can cause problems. Their approach of blaming someone else is shameful. The design of the product is marginal; almost impossible to read the dark grey print on black backgrounds. It is slower than anything I have ever seen.  I could go on and on but it only raises my blood pressure . I have spent the entire weekend fixing the computer programs broken by this "half done" system.. If you buy it, you will waste a lot of time like I did. The software is going back to Amazon tomorrow morning. Amazon, shame on you for selling such a poor product.
I have gotten numerous compliments on this eau de toilette.  It has a light, almost woodsy smell.  Reminds me of a laid back saturday at the country club or something.  Classy yet sporting
I have been faithfully buying Omaha Steaks products for years.  In MY grocer's freezer and MY butcher, there is nothing the compares to the taste and quality of these burgers.  You get what you pay for -- this company delivers consistent quality again and again.   ---  --- I think other reviewers of Omaha Steaks product don't know how to use their grill. If you follow the step-by-step instructions: PRESTO -- perfect taste every time
This cover works well with keeping leaves and such off of the trampoline; but every single time it rains, I have to spend an hour or so getting the standing water out from the middle!  It is a back breaking job and it is hard to understand why trampoline covers are not made to handle this correctly.  More damage is done to the trampoline with the heavy water sitting there than leaves and limbs falling on it! This is a worthless item
Overall its a fine viewer however it has a couple of problems. ---  --- #1) it would be really nice if there was a way to copy pictures off of a SD card and into memory and vice versa. This would be invaluable for moving pictures around without having to hook things up to a computer. ---  --- #2) hooking it up to a computer is a pain, instructions are not helpful. If you are using the viewer to look at images off of SD cards in remote places (ie trailcamera) it works fine, but I'd like the ability to move pictures off of a card into the viewers internal memory so I can leave the card with the trailcamera. ---  --- #3 this is nasty, if you cycle through the pictures too fast you can "crash" the viewer. Upon resetting it, it will say there are no pictures found on the memory card. Powering off, swapping cards wont help it read. The pictures are still there however but you need to then access the card directly through a computer to extract. Reformat the card and it will be fine with the reader. ---  --- For what I use it for I like it even though it has quirks that must be worked around. ---  --- 
The sizes are perfect, especially the small one for my 5 month old. The suction works fine so far, but we will see as baby gets older
i got charged for this and havent gotten it. what bulls**
This one could appeal to a variety of fragrance lovers as it seems to find that middle ground in preferences. It's not too spicy, not sickeningly sweet. It's not trying to do too much. Just effortless. One thing I like about this, you're not at risk at dousing yourself and offending other noses. I hate smelling or leaving a trail of perfume in the air. This one has restraint. Staying power is debatable but it's such a wonderful, confident woman scent, I gave it 5 stars
I found that these shorts do run a little bit small in size so make sure you give yourself an extra size up to make sure there is adequate room to move freely. Follow the care label for the first wash or two until they get broke in because the shorts are bit stiff at first due to their Scotchgaurding.  --- TIP: Make sure you wash them before you wear them.  --- I would recommend these shorts for most anyone who is looking for durability, comfort, and/or needing a professional look in the garments they wear. --- NOTE: If you are looking for extra pockets go the Dickies cargo route. These do not have any extra pockets
These earrings look like pieces of glass; not diamonds--no sparkle at all. I feel I wasted my money. Caveat emptor
I got this POS for Christmas because I was excited by the ad, the concept, and Natalie Gulbis.  It' a neat idea and I love gadgets.  Upon removing it from the box it looks and feels cheap, like a happy meal toy cell phone.  Cheap plastic and a poor LCD screen.  If that were it, I could live with it, but I can not get this thing to connect to the website to down load the necessary software.  I have been trying all day, from different computers, and still nothing.  I call the support number, sit on hold for about fifteen minutes and then it just hangs up on you.  This is a fairly expensive toy.  You would think SkyGolf would spens a little less money on advertising and a little more on R& D.  This thing is junk.  Stick with a Bushnell 1500 PinSeeker instead.  Traditional rangefinder, but it works great.  Nothing to crash, no support needed, and IT WORKS!!!  I am sending this expensive piece of junk back first t hing tomorrow.  The sad thing is, SkyGolf is destroying its image and reputation.  If they had put a little more effort into their development, and actually had someone there to answer the phones, this could have been a really nead golf tool that people wouldn't mind paying for.  The annual $20 membership fee is no problem, if it works.  Right now, I wouldn't pay $20 for the unit its self, let alone the membership.  Don't waste your money on this... well, I was going to call it an expensive paper weight, but it wouldn't even work for that... it weighs about as much as a sheet of card stock. 
Overacted. Boring. Horrible movie. The only likable character was Cat.
In his recently published history, The Whiskey Rebellion, William Hogeland attempts create a revisionist history of the late eighteenth century Whiskey Rebellion in Western Pennsylvania. What Hogeland accomplishes is less history and more diatribe in the vein of Howard Zinn. He has an axe to grind, and by the end Alexander Hamilton is the devil incarnate, and those who openly contemplated secession and committed acts of violence against property and people were just trying to bring the American Revolution to its necessary conclusion. ---  --- The accusation that Hogeland comes back to again and again is that Hamilton incited the rebellion. The argument is that because Hamilton's patently unfair whiskey tax was the impetus behind the frontiersmen's resistance, and his unreasonableness in enforcing the tax and issuing writs for the arrest of those who refused to pay the tax caused the rebellion. ---  --- The problem with Hogeland's argument is his scholarship, or lack there of. He almost never offers a direct quote, especially when accusing Hamilton of malfeasance. Instead, Hogeland offers his summary of primary documents with nary a footnote. The reader is expected to accept on faith the author's interpretation at face value with no way to check the facts except a ridiculously useless bibliographic essay at the end. Not all of this is Hogeland's fault. The new trend in historical works intended for the popular market eschews scholarly footnoting, opting instead for endnotes that provide little more than an opportunity to name drop. Even Doris Kearns Goodwin, a legitimate scholar, is guilty of the succumbing to this new endnote craze. ---  --- Ultimately, this is the main problem with William Hogeland: he is not a scholar. He is a magazine writer with an agenda, and no scholarly background to legitimize his preposterous conclusions. To read some radical agenda into the actions of the Pennsylvania farmers is the very worst revisionist history, because there is no basis in reality.
We received this product in a clear plastic molded container, however there were no instructions at all, nor was there any label.  We immediately thought, this must not be a new product.  Not knowing exactly how to attach it to the PSP or detach it, one of the clips has broken.  We also have more questions - can the battery inside this charger be replaced? If so, what kind is it?  I think we'll be returning this product
I dont have much to say other than I did not like this game.  I was hoping that it was going to be like Fusion Frenzy for the Xbox but it was not nearly as fun.  The controls were difficult to use and the gameplay was not very good.  Some people may like it but I didn't
This is one of the most perfect concealers I have ever used. It goes on nice and creamy (does not pull on your skin when applying) and covers those imperfections.  You also do not need a lot of product to get the job done.  The colors are very natural and I have found a perfect color in Sand for me. I will buy this product again.  
I am very pleased with the hose hanger -- big and sturdy, plus it does not look cheap.  My only problem is that one of the leaves broke off already, but for the price,it's a really good buy.
I hsve used clinique moisturing gel for years and this was the first time I had the pump.What a thrill as only a little bit is extracted and that is all one needs
They do't make musicals like this anymore. Well,they don't really make musicals anymore, do they? They used to make them, made them well and they came out like "Down Argentine Way." The plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright,costumes lavish and not a few laughts. The major players- Betty Grable and Don Ameche- are as engaging as usual.Carmen Miranda makes her US film debut and sings, dances and mispronounces her way to stardom. The 20th Century Fox role players appear (Charlotte Greenwood, J. Carrol Naish, Henry Stephenson)and add to the fun. 
Just received this set and my wife and I love it! The construction is very solid but not too bulky for us. The micro-fabric seems to be in high quality and goes along nicely with our furniture. The only two complains are: 1) The handle's height is not adjustable, which seems a bit too high to us (I am 5'6" BTW); and 2) it would be great to have a hand-break (i.e. wheel lock button on the handle) -- We previously thought the red button on the handle is a wheel lock but it is not; it is the collapse/expand button instead. Despite these imperfection, we feel it much worth the $195 we paid for
Pink Sugar is a wonderful scent. I have received many compliments on this fragrance. Its not a strong scent nor is it perfumey. It is however a sweet scent. Everyone i know that has this fragrance loves it. At this price $32.14 for 3.4 oz spray you cannot find it cheaper anywhere else and free shipping on top of that. I say buy it you cannot go wrong
This cake mix is absolutely awesome.  Very easy to prepare and is OHHH so good.  For those of us who have to avoid glutens in our diet sometimes baked goods just aren't at all tasty, but this one is so good my husband, who is not gluten sensitive, eats it and says he can't tell any difference from the regular spice cake mixes.  Will definitely be buying more of these
This is my favorite scent from Philosophy.  It is clean and crisp, never over done. 
I must say that I've read just about every teen magazine on the market, and this is by far the worst one I've ever read. However, at this point in my life, everything appears superficial and immature. ---  --- I first picked up Twist when it debuted on newsstands. I believe that was in August 1997. I was nine then, and looking to be fashion forward among my girlfriends who were still into the Jungle Gym. Because of my insane desire to be cool, and because Twist wasn't too hard for me to understand, I loved it and bought it religiously for about a year. My obsession with it slowly faded as the magazine got progressively worse and I didn't pick it up again... ---  --- ...until my junior year in high school. Looking through a then-current issue of the magazine, I noticed that the way in which it was written was MADE to be comprehensible to a nine year-old, or the lowest common denomination of older teenage readers. What I'm trying to say is this magazine is totally dumbed-down. It doesn't give girls any credit for being able to think creatively, let alone read above a fourth-grade level.  ---  --- I also found the content to be more childish and superficial than other teen magazines (although they are all superficial to an extent - that doesn't mean they don't make delightfully fun and entertaining reading to share with friends). Therefore, I recommend this magazine to tweens (9-13), and tweens only. But even they can do better than this magazine. Older readers should check out the somewhat more sophisticated 'Elle Girl' or 'Cosmo Girl', my two personal favorites. ---  --- P.S. I agree with one of the other reviewers who pointed out the numerous spelling errors in the magazine. Possibly my biggest caveat is the constant misuse of the apostrophe (i.e. Tuesday's instead of Tuesdays). --- 
I'll admit I was a little skeptical about this game. As it turns out, this game rocks! Arena Football fans do not pass this one up! Hopefully when  they make the sequel(yeah, I said SEQUEL)they will include the new AFL2  teams. Tennessee Valley Vipers rule
  Freddy Krueger is held in Hell after being killed by his daughter.All --- evidence of his existence have been taken out of his hometown.As far as --- Elm Street is concerned Freddy never existed.He is unable to return and wreak havoc.Freddy is able to free Jason Voorhess from Hell.Jason almost --- immediately takes up his machete and starts killing Freddy's children. --- Jason starts killing too frequently for Freddy's taste and he is forced --- to make a return to stop Jason. ---   Upon the return of Freddy the viewer is treated to a battle royal of the --- two forces of evil.The knife glove of Freddy against the machete of Jason --- makes for some exciting fighting.The final battle finally is settled on a --- peir on a lake.The two most evil people on earth cut each other to peices. --- You think that you have a victor in this classical battle but the final --- scene leaves you wondering who really won this fight.I believe that they --- left the movie open for a sequel.Fans of "A Nightmare ON Elm Street" and "Friday The Thirteenth" will be greatly entertained
I'm Not sure if anyone has pointed this out BUT the voice's for paul and company is not their own , these were in fact voice actors and they did a very good job too . This was also confirmed by paul proir to the movies release
My friends and I had high hopes for this game.  We played COD2 multiplayer every week and were excited about a new shooter.  After playing COD3 for a few rounds we  decided to put 2 back in.  The graphics are great, but we found a lot of bugs.  There were some shading problems with the helmets that made them turn white at a certain distance.  That's fine if you want to be a UN soldier, but not if you're trying to sneak up on somebody.  Muzzle flashes were almost none existent.  No blood splash like in COD2.  The single player game isn't too bad so far, but if you plan on multiplayer I would recommend renting it first.  We were of the opinion that the game was rushed, maybe they'll patch it
I never received this product and will not order from you again. When there is a problem, you are not easy to reach
My wife got this CD for me because I like the music from the movie Cast Away.  She saw the words "Cast Away" in large and prominent print.  She saw the picture of Tom Hanks, very large.  She assumed it was the soundtrack for the movie and not just the 10th track of 10 on  the CD.  In hindsight she should have read the entire panel on the CD.  I guess the producers of this CD didn't think the rest of the music could stand on its own and so they deceptively packaged it this way figuring most people wouldn't waste time returning it.  If you had it listed in the rate column, I would give it a negative rating instead of just the one star
Bought 3 pairs for all my cars. What a waste of money: didn't last a week before they started to smear windshield! Garbage
great value! have always wanted a samsonite brand, but in brighter colors. i finally purchased the single upright suitcase(s)and fell in-love.i bought the pink and red. my kids and i will be vacationing over seas,and i wanted a better quality, more spacious luggage.this is perfect!the delivery turn-around time was impeccable! we'll be leaving in a few days to visit southeast asia. and we got our suitcases this early moning. continue the excellent customer-service
This movie I think was just plain depressing! Just when you think something good and happy will happen, someone dies, people seperate, bones are broken, so on and so forth. This movie got alot of great reviews, and it was a fun movie, but for people who like complete happy endings, this film is not for you.
I have read down thru the reviews and I would like to point out some issues I have with some low scores..  ---  --- First, why would someone give a low score to something they purchased knowing it had the least features of any other units.  The ratings are about the unit in question.  ---  --- Second, if you read the code, then start throwing parts at your car having no mechanical knowledge, don't come here and start complaining that this unit didn't do your dishes for you too.  ---  --- This is an inexpensive tool that will allow you to get the information from you car, and can also clear a CEL, 'Check Engine Light' that was set off because of a DTC, 'Diagnostic Trouble Code.'  I gave it 5 stars because it does exactly what it says it does, does it well, and is well built.  No E-bay garbage here.    It will not, however, give you a mechanics point of view.  That is training that you will need to buy from elsewhere ;-
2 months after ordering, i have year to get my first issue.  i'm sure i'll like it...if i ever get it
i love this perfume.  it's subtle and elegant, and just beautiful
This lens is amazing. Nothing escapes it. It's like a black hole. Clearly the best lens I have ever owned. It's like the lidless Eye of Sauron from the Lord of the Rings. It is heavy and requires rethinking how you hold the camera. It comes with a beautiful case, a hood, and a tripod mount on the lens. Believe me you will need it. I took a few photos of my son from 250 feet away and they look great. I will now get to work reading the small manual. It has 2 focal settings and 2 stabilizing settings. Wow!
The quality and workmanship is top notch! The price is high for a razor, but it will take you less than a year to break even if you are buying cartriges like the Gillette Fusion at $4 a pop! And it will last you a lifetime.  Replacement blades for the razor run about 50 cents each and last a hole lot longer! I was only getting 4-5 shaves from a Fusion blade, but I can shave my face and head for at least 2-3 weeks on a single safey razor blade :) Even if I changed the blade after every shave it would still cost less than a fusion.  ---  --- It takes some getting used to. I got a few minor nicks when I first started using it, but now I never get any.  I even shave my head with it :)  I've had mine for about 6 months and love it. ---  --- I suggest starting out on the #1 setting and work your way up. For me right between 1 and 2 is best, any higher and the shave is too close.
Are you tired of replacing watch batteries?  Do you bump into things with your watch?  If so, buy this one.  It's a beautiful, practical watch that's available at a very good price.  It winds itself mechanically as you move your wrist about.  No batteries.  It's shock- and water-resistant.  Bang it around, swim with it, wash dishes with it, shower with it.  No problem.  It's gold-plated stainless steel, with a gold-plated stainless steel band.  It's beautiful.  It's big, so if you have small wrists, buy the ladies version,  If not, buy the men's version. --- 
The best thing about the Magellean 3000T is the large screen.   --- Sometimes this gadget works like a charm--other times it just seems to pay no attention.  Actually, the touch screen function decides not to work.  You can sit there and touch, rub, hammer; to no avail.  I got tired of the whole process and was ready to send it back to Amazon.  First, I called Magellan's help line (the phone number was hard to find); apparently you go to the diagonostic page and touch each touchscreen icon.  If you hear a click, it's okay.  Finally it works most of the time.  Damn bunch of trouble and frustration for a machine designed to reduce trouble and frustration. 
If I'm not mistaken, the ONLY difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the "Ultimate Collector's Edition" is ---  --- 1) Collectible Robby the Robot replica --- 2) Forbidden Planet and The Invisible Boy reproduction lobby cards portfolio --- 3) Forbidden Planet original theatrical poster mail-in offer --- 4) Metal Alloy Collector's Case  ---  --- In that case, the "Ultimate Collector's Edition", at more than TWICE the price of the standard edition, is a rip-off! ---  --- The "Robby the Robot replica" is much smaller and much less detailed than the one depicted in the ad ---  --- The mail in offer for the "free" poster requires a $3.50 shipping and handling fee. ---  --- The "Metal Alloy Collectors Case" is made of very thin metal and arrived dented.  Not that it would take much to dent it. ---  --- Save $21.00 and buy the standard version
For hard-driving well-crafted rock-and-roll from the late 70s/early 80s, you can't do much better than Pat Benatar (and Heart) and this collection carries most -- but not all -- of the singles that dominated the airwaves for 4 years: Heart Breaker, Hit me With Your Best Shot, Love is a Battlefield, Fire and Ice, Promises in the Dark.  But no Benatar collection is complete without 'Treat Me Right', 'You Better Run', and 'I Want a Lover who won't drive me crazy' (superior, in my opinion, to the John Mellencamp version), especially if you prefer Benatar's hard-driving rockers to her slower ballads.    --- Nevertheless, 'Best Shots' is a great place to start and certainly - at $10-15 versus $50 for the more complete 'All Fired Up' --  the best value for the money.  
Great feedbacks from J. Leigh. ---  --- This sword is for display only.  Try swinging it around and you'll see what happens.  They should add that to the description. 
I read Dr. Karp's book and decided to buy a swaddling blanket.  After doing a lot of research and reading a ton of good reviews on this one, I decided not to spend the $30+shipping on the miracle blanket, but get this instead.  Boy, was that a bad decision.  We tried a few times, and my baby unswaddled herself within seconds!  Granted, we had a big and healthy baby, who was strong, so maybe if your baby is tiny and/or weaker than an average newborn for whatever reason, it might work nicely for a while, but otherwise, don't waste your time with this.  I ended up buying the miracle blanket, and that WORKED!  Do yourself a favor, spend the extra $20 and buy the miracle blanket.  I could have avoided many sleepless nights if I did that earlier
We bought this for our son (now two), and he grabs his keys and phone whenever we are going in the car.  It gives him something to play with, and they aren't too noisy for long trips
How refreshing it is to know that we can turn to Amazon for all our fresh elk carcass needs!  No more hoping to come across a large road kill on the way home from work!  Perfect for wedding receptions, birthday parties and anniversary celebrations - you know, all those fun times when you just have to dig that pit in the back yard, and roast a large slab of meat.  Slice up those leftovers, and you'll have sandwiches for weeks.  Thank you Amazon
I'm very happy with this desktop system.  Great sound, great reception, great price
I ordered this item and was so excited. It loaded fine. It let me upload files just fine. It wasn't until I actually tried to create my PVD that I received errors that shut down the program (many many many times...with numerous types of video files) I double checked the system requirements for the software and my computer checked out fine. The worst thing is that there is no support for the media player. I tried contacting Hasbro with no response. I am so dissapointed.
I bought it for my son to use with the Original Pixter also. And,I found what it was compatible with, after I realized that it didn't work with the original Pixter. The box I have says down in the bottom right corner (if the back of the box is facing you) of the back of the box in tiny print "compatible with Pixter Plus and Pixter 2.0".  You would think they would put that on the front
The item was not difficult to install but the adaptor plate did not fit my tv so I called peerless customer service and they had one sent to me but that cost me another 40 bucks. I was disappointed it was NOT as universal as advertised. once I got the tv up it is ok, and getting the tv up to it is a 3 person job and it takes two to lift it up as it should  for safety reasons but a 3rd person needs to hold the arm steady. I did find out there is another one that could have fit without having to spend the extra 40 bucks. I had to return the first tv to the store and round up help when I got a replacement. Now it looks like I may need to do that again as the replacement tv has problems also.This whole thing with the mount and tv has been very frustrating. --- Mike D. live and learn
I have had various WiFi networking solutions in my home and office for several years.  While some Linksys units have worked for me, more often I have found them undependable.  In particular, the WPS54GU2 set up fine, but I almost always had to cycle the power to get it to work each time I printed.  Not worth the hassle
If you return items Amazon will charge you for shipping both ways whether the product was satisfactory or not.  Don't buy from Amazon
I was excited to try this product as I love Oreos, but don't like all the garbage that goes into them. We tried Newman-O's Originals...my wife went first, and the look on her face said it all. Still, I had to see for myself. We both decided they taste like wood chips disguised as Oreo cookies. For some reason, others seem to think they taste great. Just do yourself a favor and try small before you buy large..
My wife purchased an HP Photosmart 8450 Printer as a Christmas present for me. I installed it and it worked perfectly for one week. Then the colors started to change. Photos had extreme amount of yellow in them, such as yellow faces and hands, no proper flesh tones.  ---  --- I call HP support and was told that my printer was out of warranty because the warranty starts when the printer was manufactured, not the purchase date. I was offered one free call but my call was interrupted because of an appointment that I had. I was given a case number, but when I called HP back stating my case number, they said that this was no longer a free call. I explained it was an extension of the first call, but they refused to work with me. ---  --- I think HP warranty policy stinks, and would not purchase another HP product as long as this policy stands. 
We had an old wooden cradle for the newborn. The Snuggle Nest made it snuggly, warm and comfy. However, it didn't work in our bed (queen size) because it was big and bulky. If you plan on using it in your bed buy "inclined to sleep" with positioners. Babies'R'Us sells it now. It's easier to move the sleeping baby from and to your bed when in inclined to sleep.
These would be great boots if you had some way of knowing what size to order.  I emailed Western Chief for a size chart.  I then ordered my son's boots according to the size chart Western Chief sent me.  Once I received the boots I was upset to see that the boots were over 1 inch larger than the size chart showed - this is a big deal for a child's boot.  I then called Western Chief and explained the situation and asked to get an actual measurement of a few other sizes so I could order the correct boots.  I spoke with a Ms. Brewer, who was rather rude, she told me she would have to go to the warehouse to measure the boots and she would call me back.  Of course that was a week ago.   --- I luckily found very similar boots at Target - problem solved. --- How could a company have a shoe size chart that is so wrong?  The bad customer service was just the cherry on top  :
The documentation is terrible. Its going to take a lot of practice. If you're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine. However I want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x SB600s. --- Just setting the D200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the SB800/Masster & SB600s it's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail, in the manual. ---  --- The SB800 is designed for this purpose. So why not include information on how to do this?
I saw the small size of this case and was in love.  It has plenty of space for dvds and cords (though it wont hold large headphones unless they fold).  It is padded enough for protection but not too padded to be too bulky.  It's Great.  You wont regret it. 
This deck is amazing the best structure deck out there. I'm a warrior fan so i loved it. its great for begginers just add the e-heroes and its perfect!
I have been reading this mag off and on for the past 20 years.  As other reviews have said, I think I am just reading the same tired old stuff from three or four issues ago.  "Big Guns!"  "Huge Chest!"  "Massive Gains!"  These seem to be the ones you'll see featured about every other month in here.  As for adds?  Don't get me started on adds!   When half of your magazine is adds, it spells trouble.  Not only that, they need to specify to people who may not already know, "This mag's training tips are for people who do not work for a living and can spend 6-8 hours a day in the gym, eat 8-10 meals a day and spend MASSIVE amounts of cash on supplements."  In other words, people with no real responsibilities other than taking care of their physiques (Which as far as jobs go, that's a great one to have). I teach all day and into the night, literally, for me to eat and train like they require, I'd have to quit my day job, sell my kids into slavery, and become a homeless person.  In which case I'd have no money to have a gym membership.  I think you get the idea.   ---     --- On the positive side, the photos are awe-inspiring.  Also, to be realistic, it's a mag that has been around for decades upon decades.  How many different ways can you say, "Lift heavy, eat like a horse, and train like you have no other responsibilities in life"? It just becomes repetitive any way you slice it.  My recommendation would be to buy an issue or two every decade or so.  Buy January's "BIG GUNS" issue, and then February's "HUGE CHEST".  Then wait a decade and repeat. ---  --- Good luck
I'm really dissapointed with this guitar. I just bought it and after 3 days of being tuned the bridge cracked completely. Sound was nice but for using the guitar only during 3 days, it's non acceptable. I made sure that string were not overstressed and tuned with electronic tuner having just the top 3 sets of strings (D,A,E) tuned an octave apart (The G was tuned in the same octave) to avoid stress on the guitar. But even with that, the bridge cracked. The wood on the bridge is not rosewood but a low quality wood, that was the cause of the damage
This book is geat for the whole family. The illitrations are fantastic and funny. It's about Pa who moved to California and sends a note to tell his familly to move to California. They take a stage coach from Missorii to California and it took 21 days to get there. There are funny people in this book. Ma in this book has a secret in the end so read the book to find out. Buy this book for the kids and it will make them smile so much that there smile will stay there. So buy this book right now!!!!
This stuff does not work at all! I tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that didn't have negative feedback, save yourself money and do not buy this product. It looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lenses
This is a showcase of Jet Li's brand of martial arts...fast and furious. While this is no Fist Of Legend the movie has enough action to keep the exitement going. What I did'nt anticipate was the humor. Absolutely lots of laughs to pick up where the action stops. Once persons are prepared to judge this movie on it's own merit they will see that this movie was worth buying
All the promos made me think that this would be a really great Sci-Fi story with beautiful babes all over the place.  Well, there WERE some beautiful babes but the anticipated provocative poses by sexy ladies, never materialized.  Has the art of "posing" been lost by modern girls?  Maybe all the good directors have retired or died!  What a pity...Why, I couldn't even muster a stiff upper lip as I played this DVD through to the end.   --- In spite of my being a certifiable "dirty old man". [:-)    
Unfortunately - the baby I bought this for already had one! But I got to see it in action, and listen to the parents rave about it! It is really neat - almsot to the point I wish I had kept it for myself!!
This is the best blueberry cereal I've tried.  Not sickeningly sweet, excellent flavor and texture, stays crunchy even mixed with yogurt. 
I grew up on NES and SNES, so seeing these games with new graphics and some bonus features was a very nice surprise for me.  I had just as much fun playing through this game as I did playing FFII for SNES.  Fortunately there were some improvements made in the dialogue, which made it much easier to follow and the characters a little deeper.  Square added in some items and extra equipment.  Also, you have the option to switch between all the characters towards the end of the game, which gives the game a new flavor.  There are some small bugs in it, but most don't hurt the gameplay too much.  The only downfall of this remake is that they took away the weapon-doubling cheat... :-(  Thus, no more stacks of 99 Excallibur swords for Edge to throw..
A pure and engaging story of redemption amongst family, `You Can Count on Me' tells the story of Sammy (Laura Linney) and Terry Prescott (Mark Ruffalo), siblings who lost their parents in a horrific car crash when they were still very young.  Years later and Sammy is a single mother of 8-year-old Rudy (Rory Culkin), she works hard at her job at the bank, now run by over critical Brain Everett (Matthew Broderick), and she struggles with telling her son just how much of a jerk his father really is (Josh Lucas has a great cameo as Rudy Senior).  When Terry shows up after months of no communication Sammy is immediately thrilled, but shortly after his arrival she realizes her brother is still a screw-up and is just using her, again. ---  --- Terry shows up in need of money to pay for his girlfriend's abortion, but when his girlfriend tries to commit suicide he decides he needs to take a break from his life and so he stays with Sammy and Rudy.  Over the course of a few weeks Terry has made a deep impact, especially in the life of young Rudy who idolizes him.  This film follows the changes each of these siblings make, changes in themselves but also changes they cause others to make.  It's a beautiful story of redemption and acceptance and it shouldn't be missed.  The performances by the two leads are outstanding, and young Rory Culkin is adorable and mature as Sammy's son, but the real shock to me was Matthew Broderick who played the demanding, philandering, unlikable type brilliantly, and he's not one I'm generally impressed with
I won't go into the movie itself, as other reviewers have done a more than adequate job of that.  Suffice to say that I have always enjoyed "Cloak & Dagger," despite the hokiness of some of the scenes (not to mention the laughable visuals at the end).  This movie still rates at least 4 stars from me.  However, Amazon reviews are supposed to cover the ENTIRE product, and not just the movie itself. ---  --- In two words:  It stinks. ---  --- No trailer.  No subtitles.  No scene selections.  No extras of any kind.  Not even a menu.  When you slide the disc in, the movie starts right up.  When the movie finishes, it starts over again.  If you press the "menu" button on your remote, nothing happens.  Personally, I'd prefer it if after the movie finished, playback would stop and you'd go to a scene selection menu.  Even a still image telling you the movie was over would be better than playback looping back forever. ---  --- I suppose I should be glad Universal even bothered to release this movie on DVD.  It's just disappointing that they obviously didn't put any thought or effort into it
I've read good reviews of this camera on this and other sites but I am not having the same experience. The quality of the photos are horrible so I started thinking it was me and I tried it with different settings, tried being very, very still etc but, I only get one good shot out of about ten. I have a Fuji 4mp that I bought about 6 years ago and it takes way better pictures than this. I bought this so I could give my old one to my daughter but I'm gonna end up giving this one to my daughter and and keeping my Fuji. We recently had snow here in Tucson so I took pictures with mu Fuji and compares them to the Canon and the 6 year old Fuji Finepix beat it hands down. I don't get it, did I get a defective camera or am I doing something wrong or does this camera just suck
I wish I had read the problems and netgear.com forums before purchasing this product. ---  --- Huge flaw in this product requires that it be restarted daily. This requires you unplug and plug back in the AP in order for it to stay visable to your computers. ---  --- Second problem I am noticing is that the 54mbps speeds are very rare, and even at 3-5feet from the AP the unit is around 11-36mpbs. ---  --- Do not buy this product, find another company who stands behind there products. All of my contacts with them have landed me somewhere in India. People on the phone dont know how to help you and email support is a joke. Latest firmware fixes none of the problems
Although I am a psych student with a pretty good GPA, I find this book difficult to understand. The difficulty seems to come from the authors' desire to condense as much information as possible in just a few hundred pages. This leads to a cryptic language, where some terms are defined only once and some sentences become a string of such words, a thing which ,personally, frustrated me
I have just now tested my signal strength at various locations with the D-Link DI-624 router's original antenna, and with this one.  The HAI6SIP made no difference whatsoever at any location, regardless of its orientation.  It's going back to the store tomorrow
I used to love Just Corn but I like this brand even better. I agree they could cut the salt a bit, but I think some salt is a nice compliment to the corn
This game although it can be fun, yet it can be quite tedious.  You will need a lot of patience to play it.
I Love These Bars! I highly recommend these for a quick breakfast on the way to work
I ordered a Swarovsky crystal pendant which I thought was clear like one I had purchased once on a visit to a Swarovsky factory.  The one I received is clear but not like the first one.  It is transparent but has a gold tint which keeps it from being as transparent as the first one. I was disappointed.
I don't even have to explain the worst bait and switch tatic I have ever seen...  [...]  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE AMAZON BAIT AND SWITCH.. [...]... I will never shop on AMAZON AGAIN
I bought this as a holiday gift - they're a nice size, clear stones, with good purple color.  I'm very pleased with my purchase, particularly considering the price.  If I were to change one thing, I'd have preferred larger backs and a sturdier post
We love our Keurig maching and this coffee is rich dark and delicious.  Very smooth and strong. Yum
I ordered this item. I have bought directly from Baby Universe before, but now I've had several problems. I ended up cancelling this order because after I inquired to Baby Universe, I was told that the item was backordered.  They didn't know when it would be available. I also ordered a JJ Cole Bundle Me Lite from them.  It arrived fairly quickly, but was slashed through by a box cutter. I've been trying to get it exchanged, but their customer service is  lacking.  I won't exchange it and am trying to just get a return done now.  I'm not so sure that I would buy from this company.  They seem to be slipping - perhaps they can't quite handle the amount of business they are getting.  Disappointing. Just got an RA number for the item, but it has to be shipped back to JJ Cole and who knows when I'll get the item shipped to me.  They don't even give you the address to ship the returned item to.  Won't let me do a return.  This is a bad way to run a business
The layout of Office 2003 is better than Office 2003, which has improved my efficiency.  For those who spend all day working with the Outlook package, it's worth the money to upgrade
I have been using two gates for the last year to keep my 2 year old off of the stairs. The gates are attached to the walls. I have not had any problems with the either gate. For those of you searching for a gate for a dog, the gate works will with by 70 pound Boxer. --- 
apparently there is an error in the item description. these are not gore-tex and are just about as waterproof as a seive. I new they probably were not waterproof when I put them on and saw my socks through the mesh upper but desided to test them out anyway... stupid me.
I bought this USB cable for Cingular my LG CU500 but doesn't work with it. Strongly I don't recommend this others.
Memorex Jewel case arrived with many cases broken, the TKD is has probably thicker and more duarabl
I recently received this swing as a gift for my 2 month old preemie.  She LOVES the lights, the rotating stuffed animals, and the sounds.  And she seems comfortable in the seat too.  The seat snaps into two positions, a reclined position and a sitting position.  Additionally, you can set the swing up to go from side to side or forward and backward. ---  --- I did have an incident last week where we had some power surges here in the neighborhood WHILE we were using this swing.   When the power came back on, I tried all the different switches to turn it on and it didn't work, then later on, it finally did work.  This swing has so many switches on it and I admit to being too lazy to read the instructions for all of the functions that each of the switches perform.  That said, I don't know if the failure was user error or a quality issue.  It appears to be functioning just fine as of this writing so I think it was me. ---  --- Another user cites instability of the stand on this swing.  I have had no problem with this as I tested it carefully before putting baby in.  Also, we leave the swing set up in one place in our house all the time, so we haven't had have to worry about not opening the stand up all the way beyond the initial setup.  This might be more of a concern for someone who needs to put it away and take it back out a lot. ---  --- I personally like the fact that the mobile, the rocking, and the sounds are independent of each other, so you have a lot of variety to entertain baby with.  I LOVE the fact that you can use batteries OR the wall outlet to power this thing.  Thank GOODNESS for not being held hostage to battery manufacturers anymore, but having that option if we wanted to use it where electricity isn't available. ---  --- I would recommend this swing, but I would check for a reasonable return policy first before buying and keep the packaging for a couple of weeks after you receive it just to be sure you and your baby are happy with it
My students really enjoy this magazine.  It always contains very humorous things that my students love.  I teach students in grades 3, 4, and 5 and it is always checked out from my classroom library.  I would recommend it to parents and students (as long as they watch Nickelodeon)
This lens is fantastic very fast .colors that will blow you away.2.8f stop can set very fast sutter speeds .I put this lens on my reble xt and I dont want to take it off. Love it Amazon great.........
I got these for christmas in 06 and they looked great on me. Last week I took them to school and I put them in the small pouch of my backpack and at then at the end of the day i took them out at on of the sides had completley snaped in half.There was no way to repair them. These glasses look good but dont waste your money on these. Really cheap. I am very unhappy. =( 
We received Boggle Jr as a gift at Christmas. My daughter is almost four and absolutely loves this game. She is learning her words and is learning to spell. This is a wonderful game for learning picture recognition and verbalization and moving on to spelling three and four letter words. I told my sister and she requested it for her son. He's a happy camper with the game, too
I live in a small town and you can't buy these in the stores. They are very nice leaves, some smaller, but most very nice sized, excellent for Thai food. I froze mine, so I should have enough to last at least a year
I ordered one of these a couple months ago to have as a second charger at work since my i830 has such a small battery life.  After about 1-2 months of use, the thing shorted out and wouldn't work any more.  I decided to get another one because it was cheap and figured I'd give it another chance...  the thing didn't even work out of the box this time.   ---  --- I only wish I could give it Zero stars...  spend the money on a Motorola brand charger instead. 
I was really unhappy with this lock.  It not only kept the one year old from opening the lid but kept everyone else in the house from opening it as well
I have had this phone for about six months.  I replaced a Kyocera that I disliked because it was so big, but the size of this phone does not begin to make up for its problems.  The menus are very poorly designed, they are difficult to navigate and it's hard to do anything.  The ringer speaker is inside the phone, so when it's closed, it's almost impossible to hear.  I almost never hear it ring.  I usually keep it in my pocket with the vibrate turned on, but if you turn the phone off, the vibrate gets turned off, so you have to remember to turn that back on!  I hate this phone, and will be replacing it soon.
After having subscribed to Peterson's Photographic for several years, I'm now hooked on this new magazine and am going to let the old subscription lapse. I've gotten tired of all the articles targeted at beginners. Digital Photo Pro digs into the meat of photography a little deeper. Some examples of articles which I've enjoyed are discussions of how digial imaging sensors work and how ink jet printers work. In the most recent issue is a good article on using the unsharp mask in Photoshop. Also, I've enjoyed the large section on new products in each issue. ---  --- One caveat is that there is some nudity. You may or may not find this objectionable (my wife is in the former category :). Also, there is usually an article on glamour photography or glamour photographers in each issue. Even if this isn't your cup of tea, there is still good stuff to learn in those articles. ---  --- The magazine is beautifully published with very high quality paper and printing. It's also nice and big. ---  --- www.jpwphoto.co
I ordered this magazine a year ago, and my nephew still haven't receive a single magazine!  Every time I email customer service they would tell me that it's coming next month.  I will let you how the magazine is when I get it, but don't hold your breath. 
This product has helprd me to easily open the back of my watch and replace the battery.  I am sure it will satisfy me when I want to change the battery on my more expensive watch that has the back that screws on.  But also since I have "N" scale model trains the tweezers and small tools have been most helpful. i.e pliers, hammer, etc
They had one of these mirrors in a 5 star hotel that my husband and I stayed at and I fell in love with it! I HAD TO HAVE ONE OF MY OWN and thanks to Amazon I was able to find one. This is an EXCELLENT product. My husband installed it easily and I would never be without one again. One side is magnified and my eyebrows have never looked so good, lol, and eyelining is a breeze. Though he would never admit it, my husband uses also (trimming mustash, nose hairs (eewww), shaving, etc.) --- Great product. Order one. You will not be dissapointed!
I thought this was great but it just wasn't as competitively priced as I would have hoped for buying a case from Amazon. So delicious, though. When I make it for people, they can't believe it's a mix
This worked very well in the record setting East Coast snow we just had. The long handle reaches all the way across my mini-van. Didn't mark up my car the way our old snow brush would. Great item! If snow is making your day sad, Sno-brum will make you glad
This album isn't not very good at all.  There are about four songs I like.  First off, the production on this CD is disgusting considering some of the producers make great beats.  Then, the guest artists do a sub-par job lyrically.  Then, there are no new verses from Biggie, on the album.  They should have stopped with Born Again, because album will be a forgotten one, not a great way to close out the legecy of Bigge Smalls
I heard that song recently "Three Strange Days"...and I recalled how much I detested it when it came out.  Overt pandering to tyros in altered states.  Now I can't get it out of my head, and may require a lobotomy.  There was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in '91; but this wasn't part of that canon.  Nice try School of Fish.  Have fun playing the CYO circuit
Atleast they are trying this time around. Still no where near as good as the band was with Max.  ---  --- Pros: Faster and more back to their roots than the other releases without Max at the helm. Guitar playing is passable. ---  --- Cons: Lack of solos. Derrick is still lacking as a vocalist. Just isn't as good as old Sepultura, songs lack hooks and are mostly forgetable. ---  --- Bottom Line: This album falls short of expectations. The current Sepultura is nothing more than a very average metal band at best. If you like old Sepultura I suggest you not waste your money on this, but then again you might like it. Buyer beware
This was a gamble since it isn't cheap and the results promised are no different from any other supplement ad campaign.  I only tried Muscle Milk because I read up on it after seeing it endorsed by an NFL athelete during an ESPN interview. I started using it about 2 months ago and have been consistant with the servings daily. Two months later my strength has increased, my mass has increased and my body fat has noticeably diminished. My workout routine and diet was always the same before starting on MM but the results since using MM have made an impact, there is nothing else I can attribute it to. The fact that it also tastes great is a nice bonus but given the definite results of MM I would still use it if it tastes like battery acid. Do not fool yourself, it is loaded with fat. It relies on you to workout steadily and maintian a clean diet for you to realize it's true benefit. You will not get sculpted by using MM without commitment, you will only get fatter. But if you are committed and use MM as suggested it will most certainly produce a change in your appearance. 
I am very disappointed in the construction of this toy.  The picture on the website and the picture on the box made it look like it was made of a more durable material.  It was made mostly of styrofoam and cost way too much for what it's made of.  I have no doubt that this toy will not survive until next Christmas. I would have sent it back if it had not been from "Santa".
I love this game, and i've been playing it every since it came out. Its not one of those boring after a while ---  --- Pros:  --- -Good graphics --- -Good gameplay --- -Lots of mechs --- -Live support --- -Content download (A LOT!)  --- -up to 8 people on xbox live --- -lots of missions ---  --- Cons:  --- -Can get a bit repetetiv
These cloths are awesome. They smell great and don't crumble like other brands. They work well for --- sponge baths when there's no time for a real bath! Love them
I was all geeked to watch this but was disapponted...I don't feel lke they picked the right person to direct this movie.  It seemed very empty to me! The fighting scenes were blah and that was what really blew it for me...maybe if it was longer it would have been better?  I don't know...and then there was a mini plot with a brother and sister that SEEMED OUT OF PLACE!!  sigh...Azumi was a much better martial arts sword movie
Order was shipped very quickly.I will keep Item. Advertised hanging hardware and swivel not included. Chair could easily fray, cotten ends are only taped, not knotted. No way chair could be converted to 7 foot hammock as advertised. I should have read advertisement closer. I could have gotten 100% cotten chair for less. This ad didn't state the material used. --- I could buy from this company again I'll just pay closer attention
I'm not sure what to call this CD other than genius. This was the first CD I've heard from Sonata Arctica and it's still my favorite. ---  --- I'm not really really big on power metal/epic metal, but I defintely enjoy SA and Kamelot. With that said, I think this CD can even entertain those not interested in power metal. My friend enjors radio rock and rap, but after hearing me play this CD where we work, he begged me to make him a copy. ---  --- Towards the actual CD, i'm not quite sure I can put what's in it into words. Songs like Silver Tongue and Broken have a very distinct, unique sound. The ballads, Draw Me and The Misery are both superb efforts, each making the listener feel Tony Kakko's pain. My favorite song would have to be a dead heat between The Misery and Gravenimage. ---  --- The keyboardist in this band works in overdrive in each song. He plays fast, and keeps the melody in each beautiful and interesting (and lighthearted at times). The guitarist plays very fast when he needs to, and the right power chords other times. He's quite good. Overall, the sound they eminate is as uplifting as it is rocking. They do a great job. ---  --- The lyrics seem much better than older releases (english lessons?) but still can be a bit odd. "...with long haired drummer in band" springs to mind. Still at least they write about mundane things... I love Kamelot, but the Knight in Shining armor routine will get old eventually. Anyway, the vocals are very well done, he obviously quite talented and the band harmonizes quite well, too. (They'd make Queen jealous!) ---  --- Overall, I can't praise this CD enough. Every song is an adventure, none of them a tedious or unnecessary one at that. I would say that anyone could enjoy this CD, but I'd first recommend it to those who are tired of the American screamfest metal that's going on today. Then I'd recommend it to power metal fans, and so on.  ---  --- Simply put, this is one of the best CDs I own. Give it a chance
This is an awesome grill for tailgating. It's easy to pack up and cooks great
this magazine is almost as bad as consumer reports. their comparison tests never adhere to their thesis about what the tests is measureing, for example a comparison test is said to be about quick acceleration and on point handling and then the car with the lack lust performance in handling and acceleration would be #1 in ranking. often, the car reviews are always mentioning information about a car that isn't relevant, or doesn't make sense, or the review isn't consistent with the posted viehicle stats. the magazine also seems to be biased. some vehicles are criticized with more irrelevant information than others to say its awful. after further reading of many issues, you would think they are playing favortism towards certain brands or recieving kick backs from manufacturers, for example, you will always see the domestic brand being referred to as basically "trash" and a japanese brand or a BMW is always the way to go, when once again the posted stats and sometimes photos say different.this is more noticeable when you can predict the out come of their reviews. ultimately, its a bad guide towards getting any  information on automobiles period. its the pat robertson of auto magazines. if it were possible, i woudln't even give this magazine 1 star.
i don't have a lot of experience with compression shorts, but i am very pleased with this product. the fabric does not lose compression over time (although i've only had them a short time). the fit is good, the fabric is comfortable. i've gotten into the habit of sleeping in them, and they work great for keeping you toasty. i wish products like this were around during the years i played college soccer
Hi, ---  --- Before buying this phone from Amazon, I called Palm and they told me that there would be a 1 year warranty on this item as long it is new. I subsequently bought this unlocked version of the phone and I am using it on the T-Mobile network. ---  --- I now have a problem on the display within 2 months of purchase. I call Palm and after multiple run arounds with tech support, they asked me to read out my serial number. It starts with a HAGA which, they indicate, means that it has to be on the AT&T Wireless Network. According to them, I am in violation of the warranty since I am using it on the T-Mobile network. How am I know what the serial number on the back of the phone means prior to my purchase? If I am purchasing a GSM unlocked phone, obviously I need the flexibility to move to a different network. ---  --- Palm is taking the easy way out - they want you to buy an unlocked phone from their site and not from Amazon. Amazon, itself, does not provide any warranty. ---  --- If any of you have had better luck with Palm or have any suggestions - please let me know. ---  --- Thank
I'll start with the positive:  The main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall, good-looking, smart, humble, etc.  The story was engaging and made for a quick read because it was easy to follow, carried the reader along and crafted as to have no wasted words.  In short, it was a competent work of fiction.  ---  --- That's where my praise ends, because this is the type of work that contributes to our national problems by feeding false stereotypes and radical agendas.  Sure, it's a work of fiction, no one is going to take it seriously, yada yada yada.  But that's not true, is it?  So many people in this country believe that this the plot of this book is plausible and even to be encouraged - - just look at the reviews to find the believers. ---  --- Alright, here are my problems with it: ---  --- First, politicians are corrupt and will sell-out anyone to maintain power, but that's not true if you're a conservative farm-boy elected despite your honesty from a midwestern state.  In Term Limits, Vince Flynn just beats you over the head with the "power corrupts" mantra - he doesn't show it in the actions so much as just repeats it like the chorus of a bad rap song, yet from the lips of the Marine Combat Veteran Congressman who is our protagonist.  You know what, though?  There are people in politics on BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE who really want to do what's right, who really are trying to make a difference for the positive, for this nation and the citizens.  In this book, however, the public is a tool to be used and treated as if they aren't smart enough to make good decisions. ---  --- Second, murder is a viable answer.  This repeats another mantra that conservatives repeat often - that they do the hard fighting and living to protect this nation and its freedoms so that the liberals can live in their fantasy-land.  Come on, get real.  This book touts a Special Forces Unit as being so committed to the Constitution that they are willing to murder high-level politicians and threaten the president with assassination if he doesn't balance the budget.  And, they get away with it because it's really the right side to be on.  Murdering our leaders is the answer according to Vince Flynn.  Murder solves the obvious weakness that we have as a nation, that being elections.  Elections apparently just get in the way. ---  --- Third, the balanced budget.  For years and years - until the time this book was written - conservatives cried about the budget.  The book makes it the central theme.  Balance the budget and make us fiscally responsible.  It's important enough for a military coup supported by the protagonist of this novel.  A Coup!!!  Yet, when the conservatives did take power, despite Vince Flynn's prescient forecasting ability, they ran the deficit into uncharted territory and didn't flinch.  Even when confronted by this atrocity of fiscal irresponsibility, they claim that NOW!!!!! the deficit isn't a big deal, that it's really just a function of the percentage of GDP and we ought to all forget about it.  This book starkly reveals the disconnect between conservative priorities of the 90's and the realized result nearly two presidential terms later.  It's like looking back in time to a parade of nit-wits. ---  --- Fourth, the good guys don't do bad things.  The Special Ops team kills only who they want and never any innocents - just the politicians.  The bad guys leave a wake of messy slaughter and civilians whenever they use murder as a tool.  Flynn spends way too much time making this point and beating the reader over the head with it . . . killing is good when only your target dies . . . but whatever happened to that oh so famous, though shalt not? ---  --- - CV Ric
I made the mistake to buy the Kensington laser pointer before this one. The Kensington is a good one, very well made, but it is slightly more expensive and lacks the mouse control. I to not know any cheaper model with mouse function. I can maybe prefer a bit the ergonomy of the Kensington, together with the very practical possibility to store the USB receiver inside the unit, but this is probably just my taste and the hiro is quite comfortable either and lighter. My kensington has the embarrassing feature that the laser pointer is interpreted as RETURN on some applications (Exporer on Windows and Opera on Mac OS, for instance). I do not know it that is a bug or if there is some reason for that. However the Hiro does not have this behaviour and that is another reason for which I prefer it. ---  --- The wheel system of the Hiro presenter is very practical. Compared with my Kensington I found no difference in the quality of the laser: both do their job perfectly. The mouse control is simple and practlical and it will take a very short time to be confident with it. My unit worked perfectly wothout extra software on both Mac an PC. Overall I am extremely satisfied.  ---  --- On the minus side, the labels on the button on the side are printed with very poor colours. the "fn" label diapperared immediately after a few days of usage. A bit disappointing, but, after all, nothing really important. The unit also lacks programmable buttons, but I do not know any presenter with this feature.  ---  --- Bottomline. This presenter works well, it is not expensive, and the mouse control is a true must
This product is totally awesome. It works great, no problems at all. Since I have mostly carpteting in my apartment, I have to move it to a hard surface every time I want to use it. It zeros perfectly every time and gives me an accurate reading when compared to the doctors scale
Great ring for the price.  It is very pretty on the finger and comfortable, not too heavy
We've had this bed rail for about two months now for our 3 1/2 year old on his full size "big boy bed".  We're quite satisfied with it.   ---  --- Construction:  Very sturdy, our son jumps on his bed and rolls around and the bed rail stays put and does not seem like it could possibly give way.  The mesh is soft which is good for the times when he wedges himself in the corner to sleep.  We tug on it from time to time and it's not going anywhere. ---  --- Assembly:  Not too easy, the instructions are horrible, but once you realize on your own how it's supposed to go, the actual assembly is OK, but not quick.  Very easy to adjust the width to your bed with the simple strap feature.   ---  --- Hide away feature:  This is what took away the 5th star.  It's not very easy to unlock and push it under the bed. That feature works but requires some wrangling.  If you want the hide away feature for once in a while, I wouldn't let that stop you from buying it, if you plan to hide the rail daily, I don't recommend it for that. ---  --- Making the bed:  Easy to tuck the sheets around it, no need to hide away or struggle. ---  --- Overall, I would highly recommend this bed rail, I read all the reviews, and asked many friends, and this seemed to be the best in all areas, and a good value for the price, considering other can be well over $xx
The book is obviously well-researched and the chapter on The Riders was interesting.  However, the author included a lot of details that just really didn't matter-as if he threw in the entire contents of his research rather than sifting out the relevant facts.  The photos and illustrations that he used were illuminating and contributed to the educational value of the book. --- My professor was able to bring Dr. Schrag to talk to our class.  He was a good lecturer-keeping the class' interest with humor and introducing us to new ways to look at photography and the Metro.  If he could make his writing style more like his teaching style, I think he would have much more success as an author
Poison the Well are one of those bands that I was really big on right when I first started listening to them, but which faded a lot pretty quickly.  I can't really say why.  I like their work, but it doesn't inspire me the way it used to.  Still, I do like them, and this album particularly.  Maybe not as much as Opposite of December, but whatever.  Yes, this isn't as 'hardcore' as their older stuff, but I've never been hardcore kiddie.  (I'm a metalhead)  And frankly, being a modern hardcore band ain't much of a compliment in my book.  It's funny, lotsa tech-metalcore and other 'core derived bands are good, but most straight hardcore/metalcore is staggeringly boring.  So, while old PTW was semi-technical metalcore, this album is pretty much just extremely loud emo.  But, they now how to be 'emotional' and not come across as sissies,(well, most of the time) and Jeff doesn't sing in an unbearably affected manner.  Course, the 'extremely loud' part helps a lot too, and Jeff's growls/screams are absolutely devastating.  Way  better than on their previous albums, and some of the best extreme vox from anyone, ever.  ---  --- As an extremely heavy emo album, the instrumentation here is pretty bland.  There isn't much real riffing going on, not in the metal sense anyway, mostly just a single  note/chord repeated a great many times, than another one etc.  But, the vox and atmospherics carry the day.  The standout track is 'Crystal Lake', an absolutely bestial piece of deathcore.  I've listened to quite a bit of death metal in my day, but this has got to be one of the most devastating tracks I've ever heard, largely because of the absolutely impassioned vox.  Lotsa extreme vox lack emotion, but never Moeria's (probably spelling that wrong, sorry)  That, and the instruments are more noteworthy, very nasty and chaotic.  Also, it earns points for taking some of the seriousness out the genre with its jokey lyrics. (For the culturally backward, this song is a first-person narrative from Jason Voorhees, killer of most of the 'Friday the 13th' films.  Hence the name 'Crystal Lake'.) ---  --- There are no truly weak tracks here.  'Ghostchant' is a good opener, nicely displaying the extreme tonal dichotomy of the album, mixing the fierce screams with some nice melodic vox.  'Loved Ones' is one of the very best tracks, again carried almost entirely by the powerful  vox.  Tracks 5 is a cool two part thing  mixing the rather pleasant, harmonica and bass driven intro with one of the more hectic, grinding main songs.  The album takes a turn for the lighter at about track 8.  'Apathy is a Cold Body' is a very emo-y track, but it's got a lot of nice melody to it, so it works.   'Sound like the End of the World' is another strange one.  It's a slow doomy piece with oppressive atmosphere and a thick layering of vocal lines.  Not the best thing here, but it works and it earns some points for being different. ---  --- Yes, a solid, if not great album.  Check it out
Smells great and it is wonderful especially the fact that it is three products in one
So, yeah, it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups, and once it's mounted, it stays put pretty well.  Unfortunately, it has so far never actually been "fogless."  Get a good shower going, and the mirror fogs up in record time.  Splash some water on it, and you can see yourself for half a minute, but overall, this is a disappointment. 
Best item I ever bought. No more over or under charging with a stupid trickle-charger ever!!!
My husband said it is a very good shaver. It took a few days to get used to the shaving head because he has always used the Norelco shavers with three rotating heads. The Braun is a closer shave. The cleaning system works very well and it is easy to handle
Never recueved the product.  Waiting for refund for over 6 weeks
I know APR is supposed to be one of the better poetry magazines out there, and I think it has one of the highest circulations of any poetry magazine, but it's more of the National Enquirer of poetry magazines. It's a large, newspaper-style format that contains mostly bad poetry and dull articles. You'd be better off subscribing to Poetry, The Hudson Review, The Texas Review, Tar River Poetry, or any number of other journals
Pros: Great resolution. Nice packaging. Excellent door stop.  --- Cons: Stopped working after 3 weeks. Horrible overall quality. No customer support what so ever since I didn't have a receipt (ebay purchase).  ---  --- Tried contacting the ebay seller for receipt, never got a response now I'm stuck with a 360 dollar dead weight.  Tried contacting pacificdigital they offered a none warranty repair for $199.  Becareful what you purchase on ebay specially pacificdigital products.
Both my 4 & 2 year olds love the wedgits, my 4 year old however really gets into it.  She loves to try and make what the pictures tell her.  I was surprised at how good she was it.  It really holds her interest
I first saw this movie on TV in the mid 60's.  My wife and I laughed and snickered through the whole thing.  Then I saw it again, a few years later, while in VietNam.  That was a real hoot with a bunch of guys watching and reacting.  Some 35 or more years later, I remembered it and just had to have a copy for myself.  The entire movie, about how to cheat on your wife and not get caught, is chock full of cameos by readily recognizable stars acting out little scenarios as Robert Morse explains how to go about things to Walter Matthau.  It's a light no-brainer, full of amusing surprises, for aspiring cheats who will have no clue what happens at the very end
This can be a very easy to use camera. Simply by using the auto mode and composing your pictures properly you can get very good JPEG images. It also can be about as complicated as you want to make it. It has many advanced features on it. I have been shooting 35mm for about 32 years. My most recent before this one being an Elan II E about 7 years ago. It's still working also. The 30d is my first digital and I absolutely love the camera. I generally work in the aperture priority mode with a tripod at 100 ISO when shooting landscape. But, the camera is very capable in auto mode as well without the tripod. I like to shoot RAW so that I can tweek things a bit, but the JPEG images are very acceptable. It also works extremely well for portraits. It actually is better than the 35mm to me because it has very low noise even at higher ISOs. 1600 looks about like 800 film to me. This is a very good value for the money in my opinion
GUARDING TESS wouldn't be so much fun if it weren't for the presence of the unflappable Shirley MacLaine as the former first lady who gets Nicolas Cage for her secret service bodyguard.  Cage is equally effective in his role.  He hates his assignment and he and MacLaine don't get along well at all.  But when the President himself (voiced by director Hugh Wilson) insists on their pairing, what can Cage do?  Other than the expected pivotal kidnap plot, there's not a whole lot that goes on, but the film surprisingly shows what it must be like to surrender your privacy due to your notoriety and MacLaine's attempts to find such private moments is poignant.  A solid supporting cast makes it work too, although Edward Albert's character of MacLaine's son is rushed over too much to bring any significance to the role.  All in all, a pleasant enjoyable movie
it puts out heat but not very well, maybe if it was put under a blanket in an emergency it would suffice, but by no means is it a replacment for your cars heating system.
Do not order this.  Tech support from broderbund is basically non-existant.  One sorry product
I was very disappointed in this purchase, and eventually ended up returning it.  The actual product did not live up to my expectation.  While the cross was of average quality (not great, but OK), the chain was very cheaply made.  It did not even have a clasp on it -- you had to pull it over your head to get it on.  The price of this item did not match the quality of the product, by any means.  Even though I was disappointed with the item, I have to say that the company was extremely easy to work with as far as getting a refund.  Their customer service staff were very friendly and took the item back, no questions asked. 
I expected this bag to be much more comfortable ... but I have to constantly pull it back up on my shoulder just as often as other handbags. However, I do like all the compartments for organizing
Puchased for my grandoughter who is 5 years old. She liked very much playing the puzzle. Only thing we didnot like the quality of side parts gone bad very quickly.
I purchased this carrier when my son was just a week old and used it for nearly one year.  It was on clearance at Babies R Us for only fifteen dollars.  It was well worth the price.  The only problem I ever encountered with it was the back support was minimal.  I do have frequent back problems and it does not take much to aggravate it.  The weight of my son did get a little daunting at about the six month mark.   ---  --- My brother would also use the carrier and he claims the support was fine for him.  I would say if you have back problems think hard about this purchase, if you don't go ahead.  I personally would still make this purchase.  Another plus is that is does not look as silly as those women carrying around their child in a Sling.  People never gave me those looks with this!
This is an excellent status report on the current state of the art on Evolution.  Some essays speak specifically about Intelligent Design and some digress into behavior and social systems.  This book will really get you up to date from only leading scientists
I have owned several digital cameras, and this is my current digital camera in hands. I would write a short review as a critical person with concentration ONLY on important things to watch for. --- Pros --- - Uses only 2 AA batteries. --- - Battery life is very good. --- - Small camera size. Easily fits into a pocket. --- - Can set '+' flash level, which forces camera to make a stronger flash. I use it almost every time. --- Cons --- - Resolution. The images are not sharp in terms of that you can't distinguish individual pixels when looking at the real size picture. I would say, there is no much difference in quality between 4 MP and 50% (1 MP) scaled down version. The same problem exists in Sony DSC W1 camera. --- - I had many problems with "ON" button. Sometimes camera refuses to turn on. It can be fixed by shaking camera and trying again. (It could be a defect in my camera only). --- - Some camera parts are painted plastic, which can be scratched. --- - Camera can lose all settings and preferences if left with discharged batteries (~several hours) or without them at all (10 minutes). --- - Video quality 640x480 is pretty good in high quality mode, but eats flash space very quickly. Windows 2000 didn't have the right codec to view the file. I had to install it by myself. --- - Camera is performing slightly below the average in low lighting condition with auto settings
I bought this over 6 months ago from an Asian food store. It is so good! It's really cool how the rice paper melts in your mouth. I gave some to my little cousins and they loved it. It's a wonderful thing to suck on and it's not very sticky either. It also comes with a sticker or a tatoo.
Camera died after firmware upgrade using the ethernet port to perform upgrade as Dlink recommends. I bought from Ebay new and Dlink refused to replace or repair. So beware if you pay several hundred dollars make sure you buy it from a authorized dealer or Dlink want work on it or even attempt to help you get it repaired. Think twice about buying Dlink because down the road you may have to throw it away regardless of the price you paid. Need to research other brands and see what their repair policy is after warranty, from unauthorized seller, or buying used.
The review on the cover of the DVD reads "A snappy, sexy thriller..." I must disagree. This was the most unsexy, and unthrilling movie I've seen in a long time. In my opinion Ashley Judd doses not fit this roll, it's almost comedic. ---  --- Twisted is poorly written and losely held to gether by okay acting. Seems the actors were doing the best they could with what they had. I have no doubt the producers and director felt the story had potential but they failed to realize that with this production.  ---  --- The film's ending holds an interesting twist but too many lose ends are left to the viewers imagination. My vote? Just okay, nothing to write home about
Aerosmith were one of the worst most annoying bands of all time. They only made 3 decent songs in Same old song and Dance, Seasons of wither, and Janies got a gun. Rest of the songs just stink explosively. Avoid most albums from this hugely overrated band, steven tyler screams, he can't sing at all??? this is music for drug addicts
Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged into this. It saves tons of space on my power strip. ---  --- The design is a little clumsy though, so it's only getting 4/5
I try to read items that I would not necessarily agree with. However, this piece of doggerel is nothing but exagerrations, misquotes, and spin. She uses tacky research to make points that don't exist, then brushes off any critique as "liberal bias". If you are a conservative, please read something that will allow us to discuss matters. Coulters' book should be titled "Slander: Liberal Lies I Made Up.
